#// --------- PERMISSIONS LIST ITEMS ------- \\#
#// --------------- 24.09 16:57 ------------ \\#
#// ----------- Total amount: 11802 --------- \\#
#// ---------------------------------------- \\#
fe.protection.craft.*                                                  # (default: true) Allow crafting of items. Not necessarily works with modded crafting tables
fe.protection.craft.agricraft.agri_nugget.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Emerald Nugget
fe.protection.craft.agricraft.agri_seed.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Aurigold Seeds
fe.protection.craft.agricraft.clipper.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Clipper
fe.protection.craft.agricraft.clipping.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Generic Clipping
fe.protection.craft.agricraft.crop_sticks.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Crop Sticks
fe.protection.craft.agricraft.debugger.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Debugger
fe.protection.craft.agricraft.journal.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Agricultural Journal
fe.protection.craft.agricraft.magnifying_glass.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Magnifying Glass
fe.protection.craft.agricraft.rake.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Hand Rake
fe.protection.craft.agricraft.trowel.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Gardening Trowel
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.ardite_boots.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Ardite Boots
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.ardite_chestplate.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Ardite Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.ardite_helmet.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Ardite Helmet
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.ardite_leggings.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Ardite Leggings
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.armorplus_book.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT §fArmorPlus Book§r
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.armorplus_info_book.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT §fArmorPlus Info Book§r
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.beam.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Beam§r
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.chainmail.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT §fChainmail§r
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.chicken_boots.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Chicken Boots
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.chicken_chestplate.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Chicken Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.chicken_helmet.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Chicken Helmet
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.chicken_leggings.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Chicken Leggings
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.coal_arrow.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Coal Arrow
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.coal_battle_axe.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT §7Coal Battle Axe
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.coal_boots.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Coal Boots
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.coal_bow.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT §7Coal Bow
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.coal_chestplate.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Coal Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.coal_helmet.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Coal Helmet
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.coal_leggings.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Coal Leggings
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.coal_sword.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT §7Coal Sword
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.cobalt_boots.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Cobalt Boots
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.cobalt_chestplate.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Cobalt Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.cobalt_helmet.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Cobalt Helmet
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.cobalt_leggings.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Cobalt Leggings
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.dev_item.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT NBT Item§r
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.dev_tool.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT §lDev Tool
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.electrical_boots.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT §4Electrical Boots
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.electrical_chestplate.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT §4Electrical Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.electrical_helmet.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT §4Electrical Helmet
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.electrical_ingot.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT §fElectrical Ingot§r
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.electrical_leggings.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT §4Electrical Leggings
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.emerald_battle_axe.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT §2Emerald Battle Axe
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.emerald_boots.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Emerald Boots
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.emerald_bow.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT §2Emerald Bow
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.emerald_chestplate.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Emerald Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.emerald_helmet.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Emerald Helmet
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.emerald_leggings.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Emerald Leggings
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.emerald_sword.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT §2Emerald Sword
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.ender_dragon_arrow.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Ender Dragon Arrow
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.ender_dragon_battle_axe.*                # (default: true) CRAFT §5Ender Dragon Battle Axe
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.ender_dragon_boots.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Ender Dragon Boots
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.ender_dragon_bow.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT §5Ender Dragon Bow
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.ender_dragon_chestplate.*                # (default: true) CRAFT Ender Dragon Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.ender_dragon_helmet.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Ender Dragon Helmet
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.ender_dragon_leggings.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Ender Dragon Leggings
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.ender_dragon_scale.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT §5Ender Dragon Scale§r
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.ender_dragon_sword.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT §5Ender Dragon Sword
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.energy_storage.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT §4item.armorplus.energy_storage.name
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.guardian_battle_axe.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT §bGuardian Battle Axe
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.guardian_boots.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Guardian Boots
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.guardian_bow.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT §bGuardian Bow
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.guardian_chestplate.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Guardian Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.guardian_helmet.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Guardian Helmet
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.guardian_leggings.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Guardian Leggings
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.guardian_scale.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT §bGuardian Scale§r
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.guardian_sword.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT §bGuardian Sword
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.jon_bams.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Jon Bams§r
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.knight_slime_boots.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Knight Slime Boots
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.knight_slime_chestplate.*                # (default: true) CRAFT Knight Slime Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.knight_slime_helmet.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Knight Slime Helmet
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.knight_slime_leggings.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Knight Slime Leggings
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.lapis_arrow.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Lapis Arrow
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.lapis_battle_axe.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT §1Lapis Battle Axe
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.lapis_boots.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Lapis Boots
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.lapis_bow.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT §1Lapis Bow
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.lapis_chestplate.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Lapis Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.lapis_helmet.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Lapis Helmet
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.lapis_leggings.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Lapis Leggings
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.lapis_sword.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT §1Lapis Sword
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.lava_arrow.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Lava Arrow
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.lava_battle_axe.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT §6Lava Battle Axe
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.lava_boots.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Lava Boots
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.lava_bow.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT §6Lava Bow
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.lava_chestplate.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Lava Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.lava_crystal.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Lava Crystal
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.lava_helmet.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Lava Helmet
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.lava_leggings.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Lava Leggings
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.lava_sword.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT §6Lava Sword
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.manyullyn_boots.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Manyullyn Boots
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.manyullyn_chestplate.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Manyullyn Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.manyullyn_helmet.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Manyullyn Helmet
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.manyullyn_leggings.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Manyullyn Leggings
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.modded_city.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Modded City§r
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.obsidian_battle_axe.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT §8Obsidian Battle Axe
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.obsidian_boots.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Obsidian Boots
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.obsidian_bow.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT §8Obsidian Bow
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.obsidian_chestplate.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Obsidian Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.obsidian_helmet.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Obsidian Helmet
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.obsidian_leggings.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Obsidian Leggings
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.obsidian_sword.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT §8Obsidian Sword
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.pig_iron_boots.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Pig Iron Boots
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.pig_iron_chestplate.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Pig Iron Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.pig_iron_helmet.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Pig Iron Helmet
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.pig_iron_leggings.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Pig Iron Leggings
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.redstone_apple.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone Apple
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.redstone_arrow.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone Arrow
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.redstone_battle_axe.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT §4Redstone Battle Axe
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.redstone_boots.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone Boots
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.redstone_bow.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT §4Redstone Bow
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.redstone_chestplate.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.redstone_flux_axe.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT §4Redstone Flux Axe
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.redstone_flux_hoe.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT §4Redstone Flux Hoe
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.redstone_flux_pickaxe.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT §4Redstone Flux Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.redstone_flux_rod.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT §4Redstone Flux Rod
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.redstone_flux_shovel.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT §4Redstone Flux Shovel
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.redstone_flux_sword.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT §4Redstone Flux Sword
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.redstone_helmet.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone Helmet
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.redstone_leggings.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone Leggings
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.redstone_sword.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT §4Redstone Sword
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.slime_boots.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Slime Boots
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.slime_chestplate.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Slime Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.slime_helmet.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Slime Helmet
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.slime_leggings.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Slime Leggings
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.steel_boots.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT §4Steel Boots
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.steel_chestplate.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT §4Steel Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.steel_helmet.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT §4Steel Helmet
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.steel_ingot.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT §fSteel Ingot§r
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.steel_leggings.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT §4Steel Leggings
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.super_star_battle_axe.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT §fSuper Star Battle Axe
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.super_star_boots.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Super Star Boots
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.super_star_bow.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT §fSuper Star Bow
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.super_star_chestplate.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Super Star Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.super_star_helmet.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Super Star Helmet
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.super_star_leggings.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Super Star Leggings
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.super_star_sword.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT §fSuper Star Sword
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.tesla_rod.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT §3Tesla Rod
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.the_dragon_team.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT The Dragon Team§r
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.the_gift_of_the_gods.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT §6The Gift Of The Gods
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.the_ultimate_boots_full.*                # (default: true) CRAFT §aThe Ultimate Boots
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.the_ultimate_boots_left.*                # (default: true) CRAFT §aThe Ultimate Boots Left
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.the_ultimate_boots_middle.*              # (default: true) CRAFT §aThe Ultimate Boots Middle
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.the_ultimate_boots_right.*               # (default: true) CRAFT §aThe Ultimate Boots Right
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.the_ultimate_chestplate_full.*           # (default: true) CRAFT §aThe Ultimate Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.the_ultimate_chestplate_left.*           # (default: true) CRAFT §aThe Ultimate Chestplate Left
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.the_ultimate_chestplate_middle.*         # (default: true) CRAFT §aThe Ultimate Chestplate Middle
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.the_ultimate_chestplate_right.*          # (default: true) CRAFT §aThe Ultimate Chestplate Right
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.the_ultimate_helmet_full.*               # (default: true) CRAFT §aThe Ultimate Helmet
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.the_ultimate_helmet_left.*               # (default: true) CRAFT §aThe Ultimate Helmet Left
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.the_ultimate_helmet_middle.*             # (default: true) CRAFT §aThe Ultimate Helmet Middle
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.the_ultimate_helmet_right.*              # (default: true) CRAFT §aThe Ultimate Helmet Right
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.the_ultimate_leggings_full.*             # (default: true) CRAFT §aThe Ultimate Leggings
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.the_ultimate_leggings_left.*             # (default: true) CRAFT §aThe Ultimate Legging Left
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.the_ultimate_leggings_middle.*           # (default: true) CRAFT §aThe Ultimate Legging Middle
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.the_ultimate_leggings_right.*            # (default: true) CRAFT §aThe Ultimate Legging Right
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.the_ultimate_material.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT §aThe Ultimate Material§r
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.twitch.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Twitch§r
fe.protection.craft.armorplus.wither_bone.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT §fWither Bone§r
fe.protection.craft.aroma1997sdimension.dimensionChanger.*             # (default: true) CRAFT DimensionChanger
fe.protection.craft.aroma1997sdimension.portalIgniter.*                # (default: true) CRAFT Mining Multitool
fe.protection.craft.backpacks16840.backpack.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Black Backpack
fe.protection.craft.backpacks16840.backpack_pouch.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Backpack Pouch
fe.protection.craft.backpacks16840.backpack_resizer.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Backpack Resizer
fe.protection.craft.backpacks16840.backpack_restorer.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Backpack Restorer
fe.protection.craft.backpacks16840.quantum_backpack.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Quantum Backpack
fe.protection.craft.backpacks16840.unknown_item.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Unknown Item
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.BiblioCreativeLock.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Lock and Key
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.BiblioRedBook.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone: Volume I
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.BigBook.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Big Writing Book
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.FramingBoard.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Framing Board
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.FramingSaw.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Framing Saw
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.FramingSheet.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Framing Sheet
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.HandDrill.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Hand Drill
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.PlumbLine.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Plumb line
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.RecipeBook.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Empty Recipe Book
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.SlottedBook.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Slotted Book
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.TesterItem.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT ItemStack Name Tester
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.compass.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Compass
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.maptool.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Drafting Compass
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.seatback1.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.seatback2.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.seatback3.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.seatback4.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.craft.bibliocraft.seatback5.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.craft.chisel.chisel_diamond.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Chisel
fe.protection.craft.chisel.chisel_hitech.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT iChisel
fe.protection.craft.chisel.chisel_iron.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Chisel
fe.protection.craft.chisel.offsettool.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Ender Offset Wand
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcAirElement.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Air Element
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcAmethyst.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Amethyst
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcAncientCoin.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Ancient Coin
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcAncientScroll.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Ancient Scroll
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcArcaneSpell.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Arcane Spell
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcArtifact.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Artifact
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcAssassinBoots.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Assassins Boots
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcAssassinChest.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Assassins ChestPlate
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcAssassinHead.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Assassins Helmet
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcAssassinLeggings.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Assassins Leggings
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcBag.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Bag
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcBanditMask.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Bandit Mask
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcBanjo.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Banjo
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcBaseballBat.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Baseball Bat
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcBatton.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Baton
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcBearClaw.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Bear Claw
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcBlackBullet.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Black Bullet
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcBlueprint.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Blueprint
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcBoStaff.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Bo Staff
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcBrokenArrow.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Broken Arrow
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcBrokenBottle.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Broken Bottle
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcBrokenOrb.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT BrokenOrb
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcBronzeBattleAxe.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Battle Axe
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcBronzeBroadsword.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Broadsword
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcBronzeBullet.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Bullet
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcBronzeDagger.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Dagger
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcBronzeGlaive.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Glaive
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcBronzeGun.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Gun
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcBronzeHalberd.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Halberd
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcBronzeIngot.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Ingot
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcBronzeMace.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Mace
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcBronzeReversedDagger.*               # (default: true) CRAFT Reversed Bronze Dagger
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcBronzeScythe.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Scythe
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcBronzeShield.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Shield
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcBronzeSkirt.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Skirt
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcBronzeSpear.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Spear
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcBronzeStaff.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Staff
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcBronzeSword.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Sword
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcBronzeTrident.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Trident
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcBronzeWarhammer.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Warhammer
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcCarKey.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Car Key
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcChainSkirt.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Chain Skirt
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcChickenSword.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Chicken Sword
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcClarinet.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Clarinet
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcCleaver.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Cleaver
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcCoinBronze.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Bronze Coin
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcCoinDiamond.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Coin
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcCoinEmerald.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Emerald Coin
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcCoinGold.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Coin
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcCoinIron.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Coin
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcCoinStone.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Coin
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcCoinWooden.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Coin
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcCombatKnive.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Combat Knife
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcCommissarBottom.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Commissar Trenchcoat
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcCommissarChest.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Commissar ChestPlate
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcCommissarHead.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Commissar Helmet
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcCommissarLegs.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Commissar Leggings
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcCowleatherBoots.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Cowleather Boots
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcCowleatherChest.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Cowleather ChestPlate
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcCowleatherHead.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Cowleather Helmet
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcCowleatherLegs.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Cowleather Leggings
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcCrossBolt.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Crossbow Bolt
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcCrossbow.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Crossbow
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcCrowbar.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Crowbar
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcCrown.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Crown
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcCrown2.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Crown
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcCryscentShield.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Shield
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcCrystal.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Crystal
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcCursedTrident.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Cursed Trident
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcDarkSpell.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Dark Spell
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcDemonicBattleAxe.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Demonic Battle Axe
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcDemonicBoots.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Demonic Boots
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcDemonicBroadsword.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Demonic Broadsword
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcDemonicChest.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Demonic ChestPlate
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcDemonicDagger.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Demonic Dagger
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcDemonicGlaive.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Demonic Glaive
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcDemonicHalberd.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Demonic Halberd
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcDemonicHead.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Demonic Helmet
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcDemonicIngot.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Demonic Ingot
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcDemonicLegs.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Demonic Leggings
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcDemonicMace.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Demonic Mace
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcDemonicReversedDagger.*              # (default: true) CRAFT Reversed Demonic Dagger
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcDemonicScythe.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Demonic Scythe
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcDemonicShield.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Shield
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcDemonicSkirt.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Demonic Skirt
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcDemonicSpear.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Demonic Spear
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcDemonicStaff.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Demonic Staff
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcDemonicSword.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Demonic Sword
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcDemonicTrident.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Demonic Trident
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcDemonicWarhammer.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Demonic Warhammer
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcDiaShield.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Shield
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcDiamondBattleAxe.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Battle Axe
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcDiamondBroadsword.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Broadsword
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcDiamondBullet.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Bullet
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcDiamondDagger.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Dagger
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcDiamondGlaive.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Glaive
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcDiamondGun.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Gun
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcDiamondHalberd.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Halberd
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcDiamondMace.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Mace
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcDiamondReversedDagger.*              # (default: true) CRAFT Reversed Diamond Dagger
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcDiamondScythe.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Scythe
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcDiamondSkirt.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Skirt
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcDiamondSpear.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Spear
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcDiamondStaff.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Staff
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcDiamondTrident.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Trident
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcDiamondWarhammer.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Warhammer
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcEarthElement.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Earth Element
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcElementalStaff.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Elemental Staff
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcEmeraldBattleAxe.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Emerald Battle Axe
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcEmeraldBroadsword.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Emerald Broadsword
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcEmeraldBullet.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Emerald Bullet
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcEmeraldDagger.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Emerald Dagger
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcEmeraldGlaive.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Emerald Glaive
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcEmeraldGun.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Emerald Gun
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcEmeraldHalberd.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Emerald Halberd
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcEmeraldMace.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Emerald Mace
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcEmeraldReversedDagger.*              # (default: true) CRAFT Reversed Emerald Dagger
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcEmeraldScythe.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Emerald Scythe
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcEmeraldShield.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Shield
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcEmeraldSkirt.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Emerald Skirt
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcEmeraldSpear.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Emerald Spear
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcEmeraldStaff.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Emerald Staff
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcEmeraldSword.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Emerald Sword
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcEmeraldTrident.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Emerald Trident
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcEmeraldWarhammer.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Emerald Warhammer
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcExcalibur.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Excalibur
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcFireElement.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Fire Element
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcFireSpell.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Fire Spell
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcFrenchHorn.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT French Horn
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcFrostBattleAxe.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Frost Battle Axe
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcFrostBroadsword.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Frost Broadsword
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcFrostDagger.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Frost Dagger
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcFrostGlaive.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Frost Glaive
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcFrostHalberd.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Frost Halberd
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcFrostMace.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Frost Mace
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcFrostReversedDagger.*                # (default: true) CRAFT Reversed Frost Dagger
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcFrostScythe.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Frost Scythe
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcFrostShield.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Shield
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcFrostSpear.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Frost Spear
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcFrostStaff.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Frost Staff
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcFrostSword.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Frost Sword
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcFrostTrident.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Frost Trident
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcFrostWarhammer.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Frost Warhammer
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcFullBronzeBoots.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Full Bronze Boots
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcFullBronzeChest.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Full Bronze ChestPlate
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcFullBronzeHead.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Full Bronze Helmet
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcFullBronzeLeggings.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Full Bronze Leggings
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcFullBronzeShield.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Shield
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcFullDiaShield.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Shield
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcFullDiamondChest.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Full Diamond ChestPlate
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcFullDiamondHead.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Full Diamond Helmet
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcFullEmeraldBoots.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Full Emerald Boots
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcFullEmeraldChest.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Full Emerald ChestPlate
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcFullEmeraldHead.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Full Emerald Helmet
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcFullEmeraldLeggings.*                # (default: true) CRAFT Full Emerald Leggings
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcFullEmeraldShield.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Shield
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcFullGoldChest.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Full Gold ChestPlate
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcFullGoldHead.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Full Gold Helmet
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcFullGoldenShield.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Shield
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcFullIronChest.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Full Iron ChestPlate
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcFullIronHead.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Full Iron Helmet
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcFullIronShield.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Shield
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcFullLeatherChest.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Full Leather ChestPlate
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcFullLeatherHead.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Full Leather Helmet
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcFullStoneShield.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Shield
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcFullWoodenBoots.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Full Wooden Boots
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcFullWoodenChest.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Full Wooden ChestPlate
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcFullWoodenHead.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Full Wooden Helmet
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcFullWoodenLeggings.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Full Wooden Leggings
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcFullWoodenShield.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Shield
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcGiantShuriken.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Giant Shuriken
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcGoldGun.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Gun
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcGoldSkirt.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Skirt
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcGoldTrident.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Trident
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcGoldenBattleAxe.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Battle Axe
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcGoldenBroadsword.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Broadsword
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcGoldenBullet.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Bullet
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcGoldenDagger.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Dagger
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcGoldenGlaive.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Glaive
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcGoldenHalberd.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Halberd
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcGoldenMace.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Mace
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcGoldenReversedDagger.*               # (default: true) CRAFT Reversed Golden Dagger
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcGoldenScythe.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Scythe
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcGoldenShield.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Shield
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcGoldenSpear.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Spear
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcGoldenStaff.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Staff
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcGoldenWarhammer.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Warhammer
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcGolfClub.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Golf Club
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcGuitar.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Guitar
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcGunChainsaw.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT GunChainsaw
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcHammer.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Hammer
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcHandCuffs.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Handcuffs
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcHarp.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Harp
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcHeart.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Heart
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcHeaterShield.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Shield
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcHockeyStick.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Hockey Stick
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcHolySpell.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Holy Spell
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcIceSpell.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Ice Spell
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcInfantryHelmet.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Infantry Helmet
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcIronBattleAxe.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Battle Axe
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcIronBroadsword.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Broadsword
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcIronBullet.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Bullet
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcIronDagger.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Dagger
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcIronGlaive.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Glaive
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcIronGun.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Gun
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcIronHalberd.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Halberd
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcIronMace.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Mace
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcIronReversedDagger.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Reversed Iron Dagger
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcIronScythe.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Scythe
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcIronShield.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Shield
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcIronSkirt.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Skirt
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcIronSpear.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Spear
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcIronStaff.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Staff
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcIronTrident.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Trident
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcIronWarhammer.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Warhammer
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcKatana.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Katana
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcKatar.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Katar
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcKey.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Key
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcKey2.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Key
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcKukri.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Kukri
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcKunai.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Kunai
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcLeadPipe.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Lead Pipe
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcLeafBlade.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Leaf Blade
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcLeatherSkirt.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Leather Skirt
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcLetter.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Letter
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcLightningSpell.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Lightning Spell
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcLocket.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Locket
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcMachineGun.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Machine Gun
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcMacuahuitl.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Macuahuitl
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcMagicWand.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Magic Wand
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcMana.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Mana
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcMithrilBattleAxe.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Mithril Battle Axe
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcMithrilBoots.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Mithril Boots
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcMithrilBroadsword.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Mithril Broadsword
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcMithrilChest.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Mithril ChestPlate
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcMithrilDagger.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Mithril Dagger
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcMithrilGlaive.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Mithril Glaive
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcMithrilHalberd.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Mithril Halberd
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcMithrilHead.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Mithril Helmet
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcMithrilIngot.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Mithril Ingot
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcMithrilLegs.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Mithril Leggings
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcMithrilMace.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Mithril Mace
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcMithrilReversedDagger.*              # (default: true) CRAFT Reversed Mithril Dagger
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcMithrilScythe.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Mithril Scythe
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcMithrilShield.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Shield
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcMithrilSkirt.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Mithril Skirt
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcMithrilSpear.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Mithril Spear
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcMithrilStaff.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Mithril Staff
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcMithrilSword.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Mithril Sword
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcMithrilTrident.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Mithril Trident
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcMithrilWarhammer.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Mithril Warhammer
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcMobCloner.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Mob Cloner
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcMoney.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Money
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcMounter.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Mounter
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcMovingPath.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Npc Pather
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcMusket.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Musket
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcNanorumBoots.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Nanorum Boots
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcNanorumChest.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Nanorum ChestPlate
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcNanorumHead.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Nanorum Helmet
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcNanorumLegs.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Nanorum Leggings
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcNatureSpell.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Nature Spell
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcNecklace.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Necklace
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcNinjaChest.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Ninja Chest
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcNinjaClaw.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Ninja Claw
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcNinjaHead.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Ninja Head
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcNinjaPants.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Ninja Leggings
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcOcarina.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Ocarina
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcOfficerChest.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Officer ChestPlate
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcOrb.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Orb
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcPaperCrown.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Paper Crown
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcPendant.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Pendant
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcPhone.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Phone
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcPipeWrench.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Pipe Wrench
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcPlans.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Plans
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcRapier.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Rapier
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcReverseKunai.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Reverse Kunai
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcRing.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Ring
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcRuby.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Ruby
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcSaber.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Saber
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcSaiBlade.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Sai Blade
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcSaphire.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Sapphire
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcSatchel.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Satchel
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcScriptedDoorTool.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Scripted Door
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcScripter.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Scripter
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcScutumShield.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Shield
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcSeveredEar.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Severed Ear
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcShuriken.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Shuriken
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcSilk.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Silk
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcSkull.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Skull
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcSledgeHammer.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Sledgehammer
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcSlingshot.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Slingshot
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcSoldierBottom.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Soldier Trenchcoat
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcSoldierChest.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Soldier ChestPlate
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcSoldierHead.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Soldier Helmet
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcSoldierLegs.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Soldier Leggings
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcSoulstoneEmpty.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Soulstone Empty
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcSoulstoneFilled.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Soulstone Filled
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcStatuette.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Statuette
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcSteelClaw.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Steel Claw
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcStoneBattleAxe.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Battle Axe
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcStoneBroadsword.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Broadsword
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcStoneBullet.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Bullet
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcStoneDagger.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Dagger
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcStoneGlaive.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Glaive
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcStoneGun.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Gun
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcStoneHalberd.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Halberd
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcStoneMace.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Mace
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcStoneReversedDagger.*                # (default: true) CRAFT Reversed Stone Dagger
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcStoneScythe.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Scythe
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcStoneShield.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Shield
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcStoneSpear.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Spear
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcStoneStaff.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Staff
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcStoneTrident.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Trident
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcStoneWarhammer.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Warhammer
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcSwissArmyKnife.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Swiss Army Knife
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcTablet.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Tablet
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcTacticalChest.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Tactical Vest
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcTacticalHead.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Tactical Helmet
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcTeleporter.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Teleporter
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcTowerShield.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Shield
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcTuxedoBottom.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Tuxedo Trenchcoat
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcTuxedoChest.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Tuxedo Chest
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcTuxedoPants.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Tuxedo Pants
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcUsbStick.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT USB-Stick
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcViolin.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Violin
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcViolinBow.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Violin Bow
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcWand.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Npc Wand
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcWaterElement.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Water Element
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcWizardChest.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Wizard Chest
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcWizardHead.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Wizard Head
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcWizardPants.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Wizard Leggings
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcWoodenBattleAxe.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Battle Axe
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcWoodenBroadsword.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Broadsword
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcWoodenBullet.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Bullet
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcWoodenDagger.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Dagger
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcWoodenGlaive.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Glaive
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcWoodenGun.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Gun
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcWoodenHalberd.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Halberd
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcWoodenMace.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Mace
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcWoodenReversedDagger.*               # (default: true) CRAFT Reversed Wooden Dagger
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcWoodenScythe.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Scythe
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcWoodenShield.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Shield
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcWoodenSpear.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Spear
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcWoodenStaff.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Staff
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcWoodenTrident.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Trident
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcWoodenWarhammer.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Warhammer
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcWrench.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Wrench
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcX407Boots.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT X407 Prototype Boots
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcX407Chest.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT X407 Prototype ChestPlate
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcX407Head.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT X407 Prototype Helmet
fe.protection.craft.customnpcs.npcX407Legs.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT X407 Prototype Leggings
fe.protection.craft.forge.bucketFilled.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Bucket
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.almondbutteritem.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Almond Butter
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.almonditem.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Almond
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.anchovypepperonipizzaitem.*           # (default: true) CRAFT Anchovy Pepperoni Pizza
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.anchovyrawitem.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Anchovy
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.applecideritem.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Apple Cider
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.applefritteritem.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Apple Fritter
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.applejellyitem.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Apple Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.applejellysandwichitem.*              # (default: true) CRAFT Apple Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.applejuiceitem.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Apple Juice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.applepieitem.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Apple Pie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.applesauceitem.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Apple Sauce
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.applesmoothieitem.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Apple Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.appleyogurtitem.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Apple Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.apricotglazedporkitem.*               # (default: true) CRAFT Apricot Glazed Pork
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.apricotitem.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Apricot
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.apricotjellyitem.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Apricot Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.apricotjellysandwichitem.*            # (default: true) CRAFT Apricot Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.apricotjuiceitem.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Apricot Juice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.apricotsmoothieitem.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Apricot Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.apricotyogurtitem.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Apricot Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.artichokeitem.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Artichoke
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.artichokeseeditem.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Artichoke Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.asparagusitem.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Asparagus
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.asparagusquicheitem.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Asparagus Quiche
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.asparagusseeditem.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Asparagus Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.asparagussoupitem.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Asparagus Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.avocadoburritoitem.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Avocado Burrito
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.avocadoitem.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Avocado
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.baconandeggsitem.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Bacon and Eggs
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.baconcheeseburgeritem.*               # (default: true) CRAFT Bacon Cheeseburger
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.baconmushroomburgeritem.*             # (default: true) CRAFT Bacon Mushroom Burger
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.baconwrappeddatesitem.*               # (default: true) CRAFT Bacon Wrapped Dates
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.bakedbeansitem.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Baked Beans
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.bakedbeetsitem.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Baked Beets
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.bakedhamitem.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Baked Ham
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.bakedsweetpotatoitem.*                # (default: true) CRAFT Baked Sweet Potato
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.bakedturnipsitem.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Baked Turnips
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.bakewareitem.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Bakeware
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.baklavaitem.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Baklava
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.bambooshootitem.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Bamboo Shoot
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.bambooshootseeditem.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Bamboo Shoot Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.bamboosteamedriceitem.*               # (default: true) CRAFT Bamboo Steamed Rice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.bananaitem.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Banana
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.bananamilkshakeitem.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Banana Milkeshake
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.banananutbreaditem.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Banana Nut Bread
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.bananasmoothieitem.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Banana Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.bananasplititem.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Banana Split
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.bananayogurtitem.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Banana Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.bangersandmashitem.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Bangers and Mash
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.barleyitem.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Barley
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.barleyseeditem.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Barley Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.bassrawitem.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Bass
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.batteredsausageitem.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Battered Sausage
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.batteritem.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Batter
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.bbqpulledporkitem.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT BBQ Pulled Pork
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.beanburritoitem.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Bean Burrito
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.beanitem.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Beans
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.beansandriceitem.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Beans and Rice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.beanseeditem.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Bean Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.beansontoastitem.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Beans on Toast
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.beefjerkyitem.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Beef Jerky
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.beefwellingtonitem.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Beef Wellington
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.beeswaxitem.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Pressed Wax
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.beetburgeritem.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Beet Burger
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.beetitem.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Beet
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.beetsaladitem.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Beet Salad
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.beetseeditem.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Beet Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.beetsoupitem.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Beet Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.bellpepperitem.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Bellpepper
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.bellpepperseeditem.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Bellpepper Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.biscuititem.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Biscuit
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.biscuitsandgravyitem.*                # (default: true) CRAFT Biscuits and Gravy
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.blackberrycobbleritem.*               # (default: true) CRAFT Blackberry Cobbler
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.blackberryitem.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Blackberry
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.blackberryjellyitem.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Blackberry Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.blackberryjellysandwichitem.*         # (default: true) CRAFT Blackberry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.blackberryjuiceitem.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Blackberry Juice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.blackberryseeditem.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Blackberry Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.blackberrysmoothieitem.*              # (default: true) CRAFT Blackberry Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.blackberryyogurtitem.*                # (default: true) CRAFT Blackberry Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.blackpepperitem.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Black Pepper
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.bltitem.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT BLT
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.blueberryitem.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Blueberry
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.blueberryjellyitem.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Blueberry Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.blueberryjellysandwichitem.*          # (default: true) CRAFT Blueberry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.blueberryjuiceitem.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Blueberry Juice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.blueberrymuffinitem.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Blueberry Muffin
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.blueberrypancakesitem.*               # (default: true) CRAFT Blueberry Pancakes
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.blueberrypieitem.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Blueberry Pie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.blueberryseeditem.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Blueberry Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.blueberrysmoothieitem.*               # (default: true) CRAFT Blueberry Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.blueberryyogurtitem.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Blueberry Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.boiledeggitem.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Boiled Egg
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.braisedonionsitem.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Braised Onions
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.breadedporkchopitem.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Breaded Porkchop
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.broccoliitem.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Broccoli
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.broccolimacitem.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Broccoli Mac
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.broccolindipitem.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Broccoli n Dip
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.broccoliseeditem.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Broccoli Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.brownieitem.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Brownie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.brusselsproutitem.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Brussel Sprout
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.brusselsproutseeditem.*               # (default: true) CRAFT Brussel Sprout Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.bubblywateritem.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Bubbly Water
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.butteredpotatoitem.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Buttered Potato
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.butteritem.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Butter
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cabbageitem.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Cabbage
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cabbageseeditem.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Cabbage Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cactusfruititem.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Cactus Fruit
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cactusfruitjuiceitem.*                # (default: true) CRAFT Cactus Fruit Juice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cactusfruitseeditem.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Cactus Fruit Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cactussoupitem.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Cactus Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.calamaricookeditem.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Calamari
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.calamarirawitem.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Calamari
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.californiarollitem.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT California Roll
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.candiedgingeritem.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Candied Ginger
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.candiedlemonitem.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Candied Lemon
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.candiedsweetpotatoesitem.*            # (default: true) CRAFT Candied Sweet Potatoes
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.candiedwalnutsitem.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Candied Walnuts
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.candleberryitem.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Candleberry
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.candleberryseeditem.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Candleberry Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cantaloupeitem.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Cantaloupe
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cantaloupeseeditem.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Cantaloupe Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.caramelappleitem.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Caramel Apple
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.caramelicecreamitem.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Caramel Ice Cream
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.caramelitem.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Caramel
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.carprawitem.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Carp
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.carrotjuiceitem.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Carrot Juice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.carrotsoupitem.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Carrot Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cashewbutteritem.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Cashew Butter
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cashewchickenitem.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Cashew Chicken
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cashewitem.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Cashew
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.catfishrawitem.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Catfish
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.caulifloweritem.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Cauliflower
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cauliflowerseeditem.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Cauliflower Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.ceasarsaladitem.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Ceasar Salad
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.celeryandpeanutbutteritem.*           # (default: true) CRAFT Celery and Peanut Butter
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.celeryitem.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Celery
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.celeryseeditem.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Celery Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.celerysoupitem.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Celery Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chaiteaitem.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Chai Tea
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chaoscookieitem.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Chaos Cookie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.charrrawitem.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Charr
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.charsiuitem.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Char Siu
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cheeseburgeritem.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Cheeseburger
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cheeseitem.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Cheese
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cheeseontoastitem.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Cheese on Toast
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cherrycoconutchocolatebaritem.*       # (default: true) CRAFT Cherry Coconut Chocolate Bar
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cherryicecreamitem.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Cherry Ice Cream
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cherryitem.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Cherry
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cherryjellyitem.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Cherry Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cherryjellysandwichitem.*             # (default: true) CRAFT Cherry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cherryjuiceitem.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Cherry Juice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cherrypieitem.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Cherry Pie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cherrysmoothieitem.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Cherry Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cherrysodaitem.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Cherry Soda
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cherryyogurtitem.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Cherry Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chestnutbutteritem.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Chestnut Butter
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chestnutitem.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Chestnut
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chickencelerycasseroleitem.*          # (default: true) CRAFT Chicken Celery Casserole
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chickenchowmeinitem.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chicken Chow Mein
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chickencurryitem.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Chicken Curry
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chickengumboitem.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Chicken Gumbo
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chickennoodlesoupitem.*               # (default: true) CRAFT Chicken Noodle Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chickenparmasanitem.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chicken Parmesan
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chickenpotpieitem.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Chicken Pot Pie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chickensandwichitem.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chicken Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chikorollitem.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Chiko Roll
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chilichocolateitem.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Chili Chocolate
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chiliitem.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Chili
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chilipepperitem.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Chili Pepper
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chilipepperseeditem.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chili Pepper Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chilipoppersitem.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Chili Poppers
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chocolatebaconitem.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Chocolate Bacon
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chocolatebaritem.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Chocolate Bar
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chocolatecaramelfudgeitem.*           # (default: true) CRAFT Chocolate Caramel Fudge
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chocolatecherryitem.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chocolate Cherry
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chocolatedonutitem.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Chocolate Donut
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chocolateicecreamitem.*               # (default: true) CRAFT Chocolate Ice Cream
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chocolatemilkitem.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Chocolate Milk
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chocolatemilkshakeitem.*              # (default: true) CRAFT Chocolate Milkshake
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chocolaterollitem.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Chocolate Roll
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chocolatestrawberryitem.*             # (default: true) CRAFT Chocolate Strawberry
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chocolateyogurtitem.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Chocolate Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chocovoxelsitem.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Choco Voxels Cereal
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.chorizoitem.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Chorizo
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cinnamonappleoatmealitem.*            # (default: true) CRAFT Cinnamon Apple Oatmeal
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cinnamonitem.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Cinnamon
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cinnamonrollitem.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Cinnamon Roll
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cinnamonsugardonutitem.*              # (default: true) CRAFT Cinnamon Sugar Donut
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cinnamontoastitem.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Cinnamon Toast
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.citrussaladitem.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Citrus Salad
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.clamcookeditem.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Clam
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.clamrawitem.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Clam
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cocoapowderitem.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Cocoa Powder
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.coconutcreamitem.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Coconut Cream
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.coconutitem.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Coconut
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.coconutmilkitem.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Coconut Milk
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.coconutshrimpitem.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Coconut Shrimp
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.coconutsmoothieitem.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Coconut Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.coconutyogurtitem.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Coconut Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.coffeebeanitem.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Coffee Beans
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.coffeeconlecheitem.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Coffee con Leche
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.coffeeitem.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Cup of Coffee
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.coffeeseeditem.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Coffee Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.colasodaitem.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Cola Soda
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.coleslawburgeritem.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Coleslaw Burger
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.coleslawitem.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Coleslaw
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cookedtofabbititem.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Tofabbit
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cookedtofaconitem.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Tofacon
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cookedtofeakitem.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Tofeak
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cookedtofeegitem.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Tofeeg
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cookedtofenisonitem.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Tofenison
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cookedtofickenitem.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Toficken
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cookedtofishitem.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Tofish
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cookedtofurkeyitem.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Tofurkey
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cookedtofuttonitem.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Tofutton
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cornbreaditem.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Cornbread
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cornedbeefhashitem.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Corned Beef Hash
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cornedbeefitem.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Corned Beef
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cornflakesitem.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Cornflakes
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cornishpastyitem.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Cornish Pasty
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cornitem.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Corn
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cornmealitem.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Cornmeal
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cornonthecobitem.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Corn on the Cob
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cornseeditem.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Corn Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cottagepieitem.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Cottage Pie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cottoncandyitem.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Cotton Candy
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cottonitem.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Cotton
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cottonseeditem.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Cotton Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.crabcookeditem.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Crab
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.crabrawitem.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Crab
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.crackeritem.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Cracker
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.crackersitem.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Crackers
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cranberrybaritem.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Cranberry Bar
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cranberryitem.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Cranberry
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cranberryjellyitem.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Cranberry Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cranberryjellysandwichitem.*          # (default: true) CRAFT Cranberry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cranberryjuiceitem.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Cranberry Juice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cranberrysauceitem.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Cranberry Sauce
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cranberryseeditem.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Cranberry Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cranberrysmoothieitem.*               # (default: true) CRAFT Cranberry Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cranberryyogurtitem.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Cranberry Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.crayfishcookeditem.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Crayfish
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.crayfishrawitem.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Crayfish
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.creamcookieitem.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Cream Cookie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.creamedbroccolisoupitem.*             # (default: true) CRAFT Creamed Broccoli Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.creamedcornitem.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Creamed Corn
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.creamofavocadosoupitem.*              # (default: true) CRAFT Cream of Avocado Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.creepercookieitem.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Creeper Cookie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.creeperwingsitem.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Creeper Wings
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.croissantitem.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Croissant
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cucumberitem.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Cucumber
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cucumbersaladitem.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Cucumber Salad
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cucumberseeditem.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Cucumber Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cucumbersoupitem.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Cucumber Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.curryitem.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Curry Rice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.curryleafitem.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Curry Leaf
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.curryleafseeditem.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Curry Leaf Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.currypowderitem.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Curry Powder
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.custarditem.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Custard
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.cuttingboarditem.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Cutting Board
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.damperitem.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Damper
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.dateitem.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Date
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.datenutbreaditem.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Date Nut Bread
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.delightedmealitem.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Delighted Meal
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.deluxecheeseburgeritem.*              # (default: true) CRAFT Deluxe Cheeseburger
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.deluxechickencurryitem.*              # (default: true) CRAFT Deluxe Chicken Curry
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.dhalitem.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Dhal
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.dimsumitem.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Dim Sum
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.donutitem.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Donut
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.doughitem.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Dough
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.dragonfruititem.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Dragonfruit
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.durianitem.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Durian
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.durianmilkshakeitem.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Durian Milkshake
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.durianmuffinitem.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Durian Muffin
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.ediblerootitem.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Edible Root
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.eelrawitem.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Eel
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.eggnogitem.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Egg Nog
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.eggplantitem.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Eggplant
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.eggplantparmitem.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Eggplant Parm
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.eggplantseeditem.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Eggplant Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.eggsaladitem.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Egg Salad
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.energydrinkitem.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Energy Drink
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.epicbaconitem.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Epic Bacon
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.espressoitem.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Espresso
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.extremechiliitem.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Extreme Chili
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.fairybreaditem.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Fairy Bread
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.figbaritem.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Fig Bar
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.figitem.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Fig
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.figjellyitem.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Fig Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.figjellysandwichitem.*                # (default: true) CRAFT Fig Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.figjuiceitem.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Fig Juice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.figsmoothieitem.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Fig Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.figyogurtitem.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Fig Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.firmtofuitem.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Firm Tofu
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.fishandchipsitem.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Fish and Chips
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.fishdinneritem.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Fish Dinner
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.fishlettucewrapitem.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Fish Lettuce Wrap
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.fishsandwichitem.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Fish Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.fishsticksitem.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Fish Sticks
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.fishtacoitem.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Fish Taco
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.fishtrapbaititem.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Fish Trap Bait
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.fivespiceitem.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Five Spice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.flouritem.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Flour
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.footlongitem.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Footlong
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.frenchtoastitem.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT French Toast
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.freshmilkitem.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Fresh Milk
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.freshwateritem.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Fresh Water
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.friedchickenitem.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Fried Chicken
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.friedeggitem.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Fried Egg
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.friedonionsitem.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Fried Onions
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.friedpecanokraitem.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Fried Pecan Okra
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.friedriceitem.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Fried Rice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.friesitem.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Fries
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.frogcookeditem.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Frog Legs
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.frograwitem.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Frog
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.frosteddonutitem.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Frosted Donut
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.fruitbaititem.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Fruit Bait
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.fruitcrumbleitem.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Fruit Crumble
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.fruitpunchitem.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Fruit Punch
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.fruitsaladitem.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Fruit Salad
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.futomakiitem.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Futo Maki
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.garammasalaitem.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Garam Masala
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.gardensoupitem.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Garden Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.garlicbreaditem.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Garlic Bread
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.garlicchickenitem.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Garlic Chicken
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.garlicitem.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Garlic
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.garlicmashedpotatoesitem.*            # (default: true) CRAFT Garlic Mashed Potatoes
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.garlicseeditem.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Garlic Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.generaltsochickenitem.*               # (default: true) CRAFT General Tso's Chicken
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.gherkinitem.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Gherkin
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.gingerbreaditem.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Ginger Bread
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.gingerchickenitem.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Ginger Chicken
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.gingeredrhubarbtartitem.*             # (default: true) CRAFT Gingered Rhubarb Tart
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.gingeritem.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Ginger
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.gingerseeditem.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Ginger Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.gingersnapsitem.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Ginger Snaps
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.gingersodaitem.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Ginger Ale
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.glazedcarrotsitem.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Glazed Carrots
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.gooseberryitem.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Gooseberry
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.gooseberryjellyitem.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Gooseberry Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.gooseberryjellysandwichitem.*         # (default: true) CRAFT Gooseberry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.gooseberrymilkshakeitem.*             # (default: true) CRAFT Gooseberry Milkshake
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.gooseberrypieitem.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Gooseberry Pie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.gooseberrysmoothieitem.*              # (default: true) CRAFT Gooseberry Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.gooseberryyogurtitem.*                # (default: true) CRAFT Gooseberry Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.grainbaititem.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Grain Bait
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.grapefruititem.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Grapefruit
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.grapefruitjellyitem.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Grapefruit Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.grapefruitjellysandwichitem.*         # (default: true) CRAFT Grapefruit Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.grapefruitjuiceitem.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Grapfruit Juice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.grapefruitsmoothieitem.*              # (default: true) CRAFT Grapefruit Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.grapefruitsodaitem.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Grapefruit Soda
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.grapefruityogurtitem.*                # (default: true) CRAFT Grapefruit Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.grapeitem.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Grape
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.grapejellyitem.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Grape Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.grapejuiceitem.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Grape Juice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.grapesaladitem.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Grape Salad
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.grapeseeditem.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Grape Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.grapesmoothieitem.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Grape Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.grapesodaitem.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Grape Soda
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.grapeyogurtitem.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Grape Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.gravyitem.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Gravy
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.greenheartfishitem.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Green Heart Fish
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.grilledasparagusitem.*                # (default: true) CRAFT Grilled Asparagus
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.grilledcheeseitem.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Grilled Cheese
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.grilledeggplantitem.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Grilled Eggplant
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.grilledmushroomitem.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Grilled Mushroom
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.grilledskewersitem.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Grilled Skewer
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.groundcinnamonitem.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Ground Cinnamon
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.groundnutmegitem.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Ground Nutmeg
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.grouperrawitem.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Grouper
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.grubitem.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Bee Grub
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.guacamoleitem.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Guacamole
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.gummybearsitem.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Gummy Bears
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.hamburgeritem.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Hamburger
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.hamsweetpicklesandwichitem.*          # (default: true) CRAFT Ham & Sweet Pickle Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.hardenedleatherbootsitem.*            # (default: true) CRAFT Hardened Leather Boots
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.hardenedleatherchestitem.*            # (default: true) CRAFT Hardened Leather Chest
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.hardenedleatherhelmitem.*             # (default: true) CRAFT Hardened Leather Helm
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.hardenedleatheritem.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Hardened Leather
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.hardenedleatherleggingsitem.*         # (default: true) CRAFT Hardened Leather Leggings
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.hashitem.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Hash
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.heartybreakfastitem.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Hearty Breakfast
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.heavycreamitem.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Heavy Cream
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.herbbutterparsnipsitem.*              # (default: true) CRAFT Herb Butter Parsnips
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.herringrawitem.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Herring
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.hoisinsauceitem.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Hoisin Sauce
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.homestylelunchitem.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Homestyle Lunch
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.honeybreaditem.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Honey Bread
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.honeybunitem.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Honeybun
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.honeycombchocolatebaritem.*           # (default: true) CRAFT Honeycomb Chocolate Bar
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.honeycombitem.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Honeycomb
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.honeyglazedcarrotsitem.*              # (default: true) CRAFT Honey Glazed Carrots
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.honeyglazedhamitem.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Honey Glazed Ham
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.honeyitem.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Honey
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.honeylemonlambitem.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Honey Lemon Lamb
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.honeysandwichitem.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Honey Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.honeysoyribsitem.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Honey Soy Ribs
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.hotandsoursoupitem.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Hot and Sour Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.hotchocolateitem.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Hot Chocolate
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.hotdogitem.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Hotdog
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.hotsauceitem.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Hot Sauce
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.hotwingsitem.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Hot Wings
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.hummusitem.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Hummus
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.hushpuppiesitem.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Hushpuppies
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.icecreamitem.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Ice Cream
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.ironbrewitem.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Brew
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.jaffaitem.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Jaffa
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.jamrollitem.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Jam Roll
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.jellybeansitem.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Jellybeans
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.jellydonutitem.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Jelly Donut
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.jellyfishrawitem.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Jellyfish
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.juiceritem.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Juicer
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.ketchupitem.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Ketchup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.keylimepieitem.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Keylime Pie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.kimchiitem.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Kimchi
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.kiwiitem.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Kiwi
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.kiwijellyitem.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Kiwi Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.kiwijellysandwichitem.*               # (default: true) CRAFT Kiwi Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.kiwijuiceitem.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Kiwi Juice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.kiwiseeditem.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Kiwi Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.kiwismoothieitem.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Kiwi Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.kiwiyogurtitem.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Kiwi Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.kungpaochickenitem.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Kung Pao Chicken
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.lambbarleysoupitem.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Lamb Barley Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.lambkebabitem.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Lamb Kebab
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.lambwithmintsauceitem.*               # (default: true) CRAFT Lamb with Mint Sauce
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.lasagnaitem.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Lasagna
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.lavendershortbreaditem.*              # (default: true) CRAFT Lavender Shortbread
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.leafychickensandwichitem.*            # (default: true) CRAFT Leafy Chicken Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.leafyfishsandwichitem.*               # (default: true) CRAFT Leafy Fish Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.leekbaconsoupitem.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Leek Bacon Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.leekitem.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Leek
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.leekseeditem.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Leek Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.lemonaideitem.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Lemonade
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.lemonbaritem.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Lemon Bar
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.lemonchickenitem.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Lemon Chicken
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.lemondrizzlecakeitem.*                # (default: true) CRAFT item.lemondrizzlecakeitem.name
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.lemonitem.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Lemon
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.lemonjellyitem.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Lemon Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.lemonjellysandwichitem.*              # (default: true) CRAFT Lemon Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.lemonlimesodaitem.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Lemon-Lime Soda
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.lemonmeringueitem.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.lemonmeringueitem.name
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.lemonsmoothieitem.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Lemon Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.lemonyogurtitem.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Lemon Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.lettuceitem.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Lettuce
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.lettuceseeditem.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Lettuce Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.limeitem.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Lime
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.limejellyitem.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Lime Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.limejellysandwichitem.*               # (default: true) CRAFT Lime Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.limejuiceitem.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Lime Juice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.limesmoothieitem.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Lime Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.limeyogurtitem.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Lime Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.loadedbakedpotatoitem.*               # (default: true) CRAFT Loaded Baked Potato
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mangochutneyitem.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Mango Chutney
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mangoitem.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Mango
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mangojellyitem.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Mango Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mangojellysandwichitem.*              # (default: true) CRAFT Mango Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mangojuiceitem.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Mango Juice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mangosmoothieitem.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Mango Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mangoyogurtitem.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Mango Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.manjuuitem.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Manjū
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.maplecandiedbaconitem.*               # (default: true) CRAFT Maple Candied Bacon
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mapleoatmealitem.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Maple Oatmeal
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.maplesausageitem.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Maple Sausage
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.maplesyrupitem.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Maple Syrup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.maplesyruppancakesitem.*              # (default: true) CRAFT Maple Syrup Pancakes
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.maplesyrupwafflesitem.*               # (default: true) CRAFT Maple Syrup Waffles
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.marinatedcucumbersitem.*              # (default: true) CRAFT Marinated Cucumbers
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.marshmellowsitem.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Marshmallows
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.marzipanitem.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Marzipan
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mashedpotatoesitem.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Mashed Potatoes
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mashedsweetpotatoesitem.*             # (default: true) CRAFT Mashed Sweet Potatoes
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mayoitem.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Mayo
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mcpamitem.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT McPam
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.meatfeastpizzaitem.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Meat Feast Pizza
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.meatloafitem.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Meatloaf
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.meatpieitem.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Meat Pie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.meatystewitem.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Meaty Stew
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.melonjuiceitem.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Melon Juice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.melonsmoothieitem.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Melon Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.melonyogurtitem.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Melon Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mincepieitem.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Mince Pie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mintchocolatechipicecreamitem.*       # (default: true) CRAFT Mint Chocolate Chip Ice Cream
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mixedsaladitem.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Mixed Salad
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mixingbowlitem.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Mixing Bowl
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mochaicecreamitem.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Mocha Ice Cream
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mochiitem.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Mochi
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.montecristosandwichitem.*             # (default: true) CRAFT Monte Cristo Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mortarandpestleitem.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Mortar and Pestle
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mudfishrawitem.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Mudfish
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.museliitem.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Muesli
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mushroomlasagnaitem.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Mushroom Lasagna
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mushroomrisottoitem.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Mushroom Risotto
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.musselcookeditem.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Mussel
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.musselrawitem.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Mussel
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mustarditem.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Mustard
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mustardseeditem.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Mustard Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.mustardseedsitem.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Mustard Seeds
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.naanitem.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Naan
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.nachoesitem.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Nachos
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.neapolitanicecreamitem.*              # (default: true) CRAFT Neapolitan Ice Cream
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.netherwingsitem.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Nether Wings
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.noodlesitem.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Noodles
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.nutellaitem.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Nutella
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.nutmegitem.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Nutmeg
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.oatsitem.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Oats
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.oatsseeditem.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Oats Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.octopuscookeditem.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Octopus
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.octopusrawitem.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Octopus
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.okrachipsitem.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Okra Chips
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.okracreoleitem.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Okra Creole
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.okraitem.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Okra
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.okraseeditem.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Okra Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.oldworldveggiesoupitem.*              # (default: true) CRAFT Old World Veggie Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.oliveitem.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Olive
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.oliveoilitem.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Cooking Oil
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.omeletitem.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Omelet
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.onionhamburgeritem.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Onion Hamburger
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.onionitem.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Onion
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.onionseeditem.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Onion Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.onionsoupitem.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Onion Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.orangechickenitem.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Orange Chicken
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.orangeitem.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Orange
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.orangejellyitem.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Orange Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.orangejellysandwichitem.*             # (default: true) CRAFT Orange Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.orangejuiceitem.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Orange Juice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.orangesmoothieitem.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Orange Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.orangesodaitem.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Orange Soda
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.orangeyogurtitem.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Orange Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.ovenroastedcaulifloweritem.*          # (default: true) CRAFT Oven Roasted Cauliflower
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pancakesitem.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Pancakes
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.paneeritem.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Paneer
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.paneertikkamasalaitem.*               # (default: true) CRAFT Paneer Tikka Masala
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.papayaitem.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Papaya
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.papayajellyitem.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Papaya Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.papayajellysandwichitem.*             # (default: true) CRAFT Papaya Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.papayajuiceitem.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Papaya Juice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.papayasmoothieitem.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Papaya Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.papayayogurtitem.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Papaya Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.parsnipitem.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Parsnip
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.parsnipseeditem.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Parsnip Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pastaitem.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Pasta
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.patreonpieitem.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Patreon Pie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pbandjitem.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT PB&J
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.peaandhamsoupitem.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Pea and Ham Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.peachcobbleritem.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Peach Cobbler
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.peachesandcreamoatmealitem.*          # (default: true) CRAFT Peaches and Cream Oatmeal
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.peachitem.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Peach
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.peachjellyitem.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Peach Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.peachjellysandwichitem.*              # (default: true) CRAFT Peach Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.peachjuiceitem.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Peach Juice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.peachsmoothieitem.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Peach Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.peachyogurtitem.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Peach Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.peanutbuttercookiesitem.*             # (default: true) CRAFT Peanut Butter Cookies
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.peanutbutteritem.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Peanut Butter
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.peanutitem.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Peanut
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.peanutseeditem.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Peanut Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pearitem.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Pear
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pearjellyitem.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Pear Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pearjellysandwichitem.*               # (default: true) CRAFT Pear Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pearjuiceitem.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Pear Juice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pearsmoothieitem.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Pear Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pearyogurtitem.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Pear Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.peasandceleryitem.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Peas and Celery
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.peasitem.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Peas
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.peasseeditem.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Peas Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pecanitem.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Pecan
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pecanpieitem.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Pecan Pie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.peppercornitem.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Peppercorn
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.peppermintitem.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Peppermint
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pepperoniitem.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Pepperoni
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.perchrawitem.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Perch
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.persimmonitem.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Persimmon
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.persimmonjellyitem.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Persimmon Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.persimmonjellysandwichitem.*          # (default: true) CRAFT Persimmon Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.persimmonjuiceitem.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Persimmon Juice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.persimmonsmoothieitem.*               # (default: true) CRAFT Persimmon Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.persimmonyogurtitem.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Persimmon Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pickledbeetsitem.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Pickled Beets
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pickledonionsitem.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Pickled Onions
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.picklesitem.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Pickles
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pinacoladaitem.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Pinacolada
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pineapplehamitem.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Pineapple Ham
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pineappleitem.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Pineapple
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pineappleseeditem.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Pineapple Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pineappleyogurtitem.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Pineapple Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pistachiobakedsalmonitem.*            # (default: true) CRAFT Pistachio Baked Salmon
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pistachiobutteritem.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Pistachio Butter
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pistachioicecreamitem.*               # (default: true) CRAFT Pistachio Ice Cream
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pistachioitem.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Pistachio
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pizzaitem.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Pizza
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pizzasoupitem.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Pizza Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.plainyogurtitem.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Plain Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.ploughmanslunchitem.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Ploughman's Lunch
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.plumitem.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Plum
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.plumjellyitem.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Plum Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.plumjellysandwichitem.*               # (default: true) CRAFT Plum Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.plumjuiceitem.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Plum Juice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.plumsmoothieitem.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Plum Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.plumyogurtitem.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Plum Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.poachedpearitem.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Poached Pear
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pomegranateitem.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Pomegranate
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pomegranatejellyitem.*                # (default: true) CRAFT Pomegranate Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pomegranatejellysandwichitem.*        # (default: true) CRAFT Pomegranate Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pomegranatejuiceitem.*                # (default: true) CRAFT Pomegranate Juice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pomegranatesmoothieitem.*             # (default: true) CRAFT Pomegranate Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pomegranateyogurtitem.*               # (default: true) CRAFT Pomegranate Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.popcornitem.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Popcorn
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.porklettucewrapitem.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Pork Lettuce Wrap
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.porklomeinitem.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Pork Lo Mein
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.porksausageitem.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Pork Sausage
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.potatoandcheesepirogiitem.*           # (default: true) CRAFT Potato and Cheese Pierogi
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.potatoandleeksoupitem.*               # (default: true) CRAFT Potato and Leek Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.potatocakesitem.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Potato Cakes
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.potatosaladitem.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Potato Salad
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.potatosoupitem.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Potato Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.potitem.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Pot
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.potroastitem.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Pot Roast
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.poutineitem.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Poutine
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.powdereddonutitem.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Powdered Donut
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pralinesitem.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Pralines
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pumpkinbreaditem.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Pumpkin Bread
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pumpkinmuffinitem.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Pumpkin Muffin
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pumpkinoatsconesitem.*                # (default: true) CRAFT Pumpkin Oat Scones
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pumpkinsoupitem.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Pumpkin Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.pumpkinyogurtitem.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Pumpkin Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.queenbeeitem.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Queen Bee
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.radishitem.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Radish
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.radishseeditem.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Radish Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.rainbowcurryitem.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Rainbow Curry
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.raisincookiesitem.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Raisin Cookies
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.raisinsitem.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Raisins
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.randomtacoitem.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Random Taco
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.raspberryicedteaitem.*                # (default: true) CRAFT Raspberry Iced Tea
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.raspberryitem.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Raspberry
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.raspberryjellyitem.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Raspberry Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.raspberryjellysandwichitem.*          # (default: true) CRAFT Raspberry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.raspberryjuiceitem.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Raspberry Juice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.raspberrypieitem.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Raspberry Pie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.raspberryseeditem.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Raspberry Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.raspberrysmoothieitem.*               # (default: true) CRAFT Raspberry Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.raspberrytrifleitem.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Raspberry Trifle
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.raspberryyogurtitem.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Raspberry Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.rawtofabbititem.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Tofabbit
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.rawtofaconitem.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Tofacon
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.rawtofeakitem.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Tofeak
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.rawtofeegitem.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Tofeeg
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.rawtofenisonitem.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Tofenison
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.rawtofickenitem.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Toficken
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.rawtofishitem.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Tofish
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.rawtofurkeyitem.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Tofurkey
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.rawtofuttonitem.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Tofutton
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.refriedbeansitem.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Refried Beans
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.rhubarbitem.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Rhubarb
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.rhubarbseeditem.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Rhubarb Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.ricecakeitem.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Rice Cake
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.riceitem.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Rice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.riceseeditem.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Rice Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.ricesoupitem.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Rice Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.roastchickenitem.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Roast Chicken
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.roastedchestnutitem.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Roasted Chestnut
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.roastedpumpkinseedsitem.*             # (default: true) CRAFT Roasted Pumpkin Seeds
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.roastedrootveggiemedleyitem.*         # (default: true) CRAFT Roasted Root Veggie Medley
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.roastpotatoesitem.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Roast Potatoes
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.rootbeersodaitem.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Root Beer
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.royaljellyitem.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Royal Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.rutabagaitem.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Rutabaga
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.rutabagaseeditem.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Rutabaga Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.ryeitem.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Rye
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.ryeseeditem.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Rye Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.saladdressingitem.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Salad Dressing
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.salmonpattiesitem.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Salmon Patties
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.salsaitem.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Salsa
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.saltedsunflowerseedsitem.*            # (default: true) CRAFT Salted Sunflower Seeds
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.saltitem.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Salt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.sardinerawitem.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Sardine
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.sardinesinhotsauceitem.*              # (default: true) CRAFT Sardines in Hot Sauce
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.saucepanitem.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Saucepan
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.sausageinbreaditem.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Sausage in Bread
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.sausageitem.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Sausage
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.sausagerollitem.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Sausage Roll
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.scallionbakedpotatoitem.*             # (default: true) CRAFT Scallion Baked Potato
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.scallionitem.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Scallion
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.scallionseeditem.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Scallion Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.scallopcookeditem.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Scallop
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.scalloprawitem.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Scallop
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.scrambledeggitem.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Scrambled Egg
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.seaweeditem.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Seaweed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.seaweedseeditem.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Seaweed Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.seedsoupitem.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Seed Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.sesameballitem.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Sesame Ball
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.sesameoilitem.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Sesame Oil
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.sesameseedsitem.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Sesame Seeds
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.sesameseedsseeditem.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Sesame Seeds Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.sesamesnapsitem.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Sesame Snaps
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.shepardspieitem.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Shepherd's Pie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.shrimpcookeditem.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Shrimp
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.shrimpokrahushpuppiesitem.*           # (default: true) CRAFT Shrimp Pork Okra Hushpuppies
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.shrimprawitem.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Shrimp
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.silkentofuitem.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Silken Tofu
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.skilletitem.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Skillet
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.snailcookeditem.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Snail
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.snailrawitem.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Snail
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.snapperrawitem.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Snapper
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.snickersbaritem.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Snickers Bar
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.softpretzelandmustarditem.*           # (default: true) CRAFT Soft Pretzel and Mustard
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.softpretzelitem.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Soft Pretzel
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.soybeanitem.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Soybean
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.soybeanseeditem.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Soybean Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.soymilkitem.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Soy Milk
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.soysauceitem.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Soy Sauce
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.spagettiandmeatballsitem.*            # (default: true) CRAFT Spaghetti and Meatballs
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.spagettiitem.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Spaghetti
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.spicebunitem.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Spice Bun
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.spiceleafitem.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Spice Leaf
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.spiceleafseeditem.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Spice Leaf Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.spicygreensitem.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Spicy Greens
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.spicymustardporkitem.*                # (default: true) CRAFT Spicy Mustard Pork
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.spidereyesoupitem.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Spider Eye Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.spinachitem.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Spinach
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.spinachpieitem.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Spinach Pie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.spinachseeditem.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Spinach Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.splitpeasoupitem.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Split Pea Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.springsaladitem.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Spring Salad
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.spumoniicecreamitem.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Spumoni Ice Cream
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.starfruititem.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Starfruit
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.starfruitjellyitem.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Starfruit Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.starfruitjellysandwichitem.*          # (default: true) CRAFT Starfruit Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.starfruitjuiceitem.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Starfruit Juice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.starfruitsmoothieitem.*               # (default: true) CRAFT Starfruit Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.starfruityogurtitem.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Starfruit Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.steakandchipsitem.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Steak and Chips
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.steamedpeasitem.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Steamed Peas
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.steamedspinachitem.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Steamed Spinach
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.stockitem.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Stock
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.strawberryicecreamitem.*              # (default: true) CRAFT Strawberry Ice Cream
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.strawberryitem.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Strawberry
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.strawberryjellyitem.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Strawberry Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.strawberryjellysandwichitem.*         # (default: true) CRAFT Strawberry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.strawberryjuiceitem.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Strawberry Juice
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.strawberrymilkshakeitem.*             # (default: true) CRAFT Strawberry Milkshake
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.strawberrypieitem.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Strawberry Pie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.strawberrysaladitem.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Strawberry Salad
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.strawberryseeditem.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Strawberry Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.strawberrysmoothieitem.*              # (default: true) CRAFT Strawberry Smoothie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.strawberrysodaitem.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Strawberry Soda
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.strawberryyogurtitem.*                # (default: true) CRAFT Strawberry Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.stuffedeggplantitem.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Stuffed Eggplant
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.stuffedmushroomitem.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Stuffed Mushroom
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.stuffedpepperitem.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Stuffed Pepper
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.suaderoitem.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Suadero
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.summerradishsaladitem.*               # (default: true) CRAFT Summer Radish Salad
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.summersquashwithradishitem.*          # (default: true) CRAFT Summer Squash with Radish
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.sundayroastitem.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Sunday Roast
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.sunflowerbroccolisaladitem.*          # (default: true) CRAFT Sunflower Broccoli Salad
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.sunflowerseedsitem.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Sunflower Seeds
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.sunflowerwheatrollsitem.*             # (default: true) CRAFT Sunflower Wheat Rolls
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.supremepizzaitem.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Supreme Pizza
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.sushiitem.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Sushi
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.sweetandsourchickenitem.*             # (default: true) CRAFT Sweet and Sour Chicken
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.sweetandsoursauceitem.*               # (default: true) CRAFT Sweet and Sour Sauce
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.sweetpickleitem.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Sweet Pickle
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.sweetpotatoitem.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Sweet Potato
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.sweetpotatopieitem.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Sweet Potato Pie
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.sweetpotatoseeditem.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Sweet Potato Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.sweetpotatosouffleitem.*              # (default: true) CRAFT Sweet Potato Souffle
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.sweetteaitem.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Sweet Tea
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.tacoitem.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Taco
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.taffyitem.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Taffy
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.teaitem.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Cup of Tea
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.tealeafitem.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Tea Leaf
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.teaseeditem.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Tea Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.teriyakichickenitem.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Teriyaki Chicken
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.tilapiarawitem.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Tilapia
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.timtamitem.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Tim Tam
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.toadintheholeitem.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Toad in the Hole
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.toastedcoconutitem.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Toasted Coconut
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.toastedsesameseedsitem.*              # (default: true) CRAFT Toasted Sesame Seeds
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.toastedwesternitem.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Toasted Western
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.toastitem.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Toast
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.toastsandwichitem.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Toast Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.tomatoitem.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Tomato
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.tomatoseeditem.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Tomato Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.tomatosoupitem.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Tomato Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.tortillaitem.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Tortilla
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.trailmixitem.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Trail Mix
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.troutrawitem.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Trout
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.tunapotatoitem.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Tuna Potato
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.tunarawitem.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Tuna
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.turkeycookeditem.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Turkey
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.turkeyrawitem.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Turkey
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.turkishdelightitem.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT Turkish Delight
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.turnipitem.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Turnip
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.turnipseeditem.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Turnip Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.turnipsoupitem.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Turnip Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.turtlecookeditem.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Turtle
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.turtlerawitem.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Turtle
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.vanillabeanitem.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Vanilla Bean
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.vanillaicecreamitem.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Vanilla Ice Cream
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.vanillaitem.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Vanilla
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.vanillayogurtitem.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Vanilla Yogurt
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.vegemiteitem.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Vegemite
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.vegemiteontoastitem.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Vegemite on Toast
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.vegetablesoupitem.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Vegetable Soup
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.vegetarianlettucewrapitem.*           # (default: true) CRAFT Vegetarian Lettuce Wrap
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.veggiebaititem.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Veggie Bait
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.veggiestirfryitem.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Veggie Stirfry
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.veggiestripsitem.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Veggie Strips
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.venisoncookeditem.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Venison
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.venisonrawitem.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Venison
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.vindalooitem.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Vindaloo
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.vinegaritem.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Vinegar
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.wafflesitem.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Waffles
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.walleyerawitem.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Walleye
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.walnutitem.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Walnut
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.walnutraisinbreaditem.*               # (default: true) CRAFT Walnut Raisin Bread
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.waterchestnutitem.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Water Chestnut
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.waterchestnutseeditem.*               # (default: true) CRAFT Water Chestnut Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.watermelonjellyitem.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Watermelon Jelly
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.watermelonjellysandwichitem.*         # (default: true) CRAFT Watermelon Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.waxcombitem.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Waxcomb
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.whitemushroomitem.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT White Mushroom
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.whitemushroomseeditem.*               # (default: true) CRAFT White Mushroom Spore
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.wintersquashitem.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Winter Squash
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.wintersquashseeditem.*                # (default: true) CRAFT Winter Squash Seed
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.wovencottonitem.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Woven Cotton
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.yorkshirepuddingitem.*                # (default: true) CRAFT Yorkshire Pudding
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.zeppoleitem.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Zeppole
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.zestyzucchiniitem.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Zesty Zucchini
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.zombiejerkyitem.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Zombie Jerky
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.zucchinibakeitem.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Zucchini Bake
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.zucchinibreaditem.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Zucchini Bread
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.zucchinifriesitem.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Zucchini Fries
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.zucchiniitem.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Zucchini
fe.protection.craft.harvestcraft.zucchiniseeditem.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Zucchini Seed
fe.protection.craft.itemblacklist.blacklisted.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT _ERROR_.name
fe.protection.craft.justcoins.coin_sack.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Coin Sack
fe.protection.craft.justcoins.copper_coin.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Copper Coin
fe.protection.craft.justcoins.gold_coin.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Gold Coin
fe.protection.craft.justcoins.silver_coin.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Silver Coin
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.acacia_boat.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Acacia Boat
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.acacia_door.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Acacia Door
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.apple.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Apple
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.armor_stand.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Armor Stand
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.arrow.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Arrow
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.baked_potato.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Baked Potato
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.bed.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Bed
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.beef.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Beef
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.beetroot.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Beetroot
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.beetroot_seeds.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Beetroot Seeds
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.beetroot_soup.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Beetroot Soup
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.birch_boat.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Birch Boat
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.birch_door.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Birch Door
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.blaze_powder.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Blaze Powder
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.blaze_rod.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Blaze Rod
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.boat.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Oak Boat
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.bone.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Bone
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.book.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Book
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.bow.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Bow
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.bowl.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Bowl
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.bread.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Bread
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Brewing Stand
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.brick.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Brick
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.bucket.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.cake.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Cake
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.carrot.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Carrot
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.carrot_on_a_stick.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Carrot on a Stick
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.cauldron.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Cauldron
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.chainmail_boots.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Chain Boots
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.chainmail_chestplate.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Chain Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.chainmail_helmet.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Chain Helmet
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.chainmail_leggings.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Chain Leggings
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.chest_minecart.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Minecart with Chest
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.chicken.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Chicken
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.chorus_fruit.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Chorus Fruit
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.chorus_fruit_popped.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Popped Chorus Fruit
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.clay_ball.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Clay
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.clock.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Clock
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.coal.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Coal
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.command_block_minecart.*                 # (default: true) CRAFT Minecart with Command Block
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.comparator.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone Comparator
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.compass.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Compass
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.cooked_beef.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Steak
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.cooked_chicken.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Chicken
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.cooked_fish.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Fish
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.cooked_mutton.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Mutton
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.cooked_porkchop.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Porkchop
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.cooked_rabbit.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Cooked Rabbit
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.cookie.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Cookie
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.dark_oak_boat.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Dark Oak Boat
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.dark_oak_door.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Dark Oak Door
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_axe.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Axe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_boots.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Boots
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_chestplate.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_helmet.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Helmet
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_hoe.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Hoe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_horse_armor.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Horse Armor
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_leggings.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Leggings
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_pickaxe.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_shovel.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Shovel
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.diamond_sword.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Diamond Sword
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.dragon_breath.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Dragon's Breath
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.dye.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Ink Sac
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.egg.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Egg
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.elytra.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Elytra
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.emerald.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Emerald
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.enchanted_book.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Enchanted Book
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.end_crystal.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT End Crystal
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.ender_eye.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Eye of Ender
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.ender_pearl.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Ender Pearl
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.experience_bottle.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Bottle o' Enchanting
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.feather.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Feather
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.fermented_spider_eye.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Fermented Spider Eye
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.filled_map.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Map
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.fire_charge.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Fire Charge
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.firework_charge.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Firework Star
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.fireworks.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Firework Rocket
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.fish.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Fish
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.fishing_rod.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Fishing Rod
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.flint.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Flint
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.flint_and_steel.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Flint and Steel
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.flower_pot.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Flower Pot
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.furnace_minecart.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Minecart with Furnace
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.ghast_tear.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Ghast Tear
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.glass_bottle.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Glass Bottle
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.glowstone_dust.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Glowstone Dust
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.gold_ingot.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Gold Ingot
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.gold_nugget.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Gold Nugget
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_apple.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Apple
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_axe.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Axe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_boots.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Boots
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_carrot.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Carrot
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_chestplate.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_helmet.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Helmet
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_hoe.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Hoe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_horse_armor.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Gold Horse Armor
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_leggings.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Leggings
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_pickaxe.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_shovel.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Shovel
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.golden_sword.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Golden Sword
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.gunpowder.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Gunpowder
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.hopper_minecart.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Minecart with Hopper
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_axe.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Axe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_boots.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Boots
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_chestplate.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Chestplate
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_door.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Door
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_helmet.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Helmet
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_hoe.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Hoe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_horse_armor.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Horse Armor
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_ingot.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Ingot
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_leggings.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Leggings
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_pickaxe.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_shovel.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Shovel
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.iron_sword.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Iron Sword
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.item_frame.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Item Frame
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.jungle_boat.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Jungle Boat
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.jungle_door.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Jungle Door
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.lava_bucket.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Lava Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.lead.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Lead
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.leather.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Leather
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.leather_boots.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Leather Boots
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.leather_chestplate.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Leather Tunic
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.leather_helmet.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Leather Cap
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.leather_leggings.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Leather Pants
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.lingering_potion.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Lingering Water Bottle
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.magma_cream.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Magma Cream
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.map.*                                    # (default: true) CRAFT Empty Map
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.melon.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Melon
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.melon_seeds.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Melon Seeds
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.milk_bucket.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Milk
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.minecart.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Minecart
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.mushroom_stew.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Mushroom Stew
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.mutton.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Mutton
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.name_tag.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Name Tag
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.nether_star.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Nether Star
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.nether_wart.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Nether Wart
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.netherbrick.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Nether Brick
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.painting.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Painting
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.paper.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Paper
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.poisonous_potato.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Poisonous Potato
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.porkchop.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Porkchop
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.potato.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Potato
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.potion.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Water Bottle
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.prismarine_crystals.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Prismarine Crystals
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.prismarine_shard.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Prismarine Shard
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.pumpkin_pie.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Pumpkin Pie
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.pumpkin_seeds.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Pumpkin Seeds
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.quartz.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Nether Quartz
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.rabbit.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Raw Rabbit
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.rabbit_foot.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Rabbit's Foot
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.rabbit_hide.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Rabbit Hide
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.rabbit_stew.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Rabbit Stew
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_11.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_13.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_blocks.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_cat.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_chirp.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_far.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_mall.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_mellohi.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_stal.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_strad.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_wait.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.record_ward.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Music Disc
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.redstone.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.reeds.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Sugar Canes
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.repeater.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.rotten_flesh.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Rotten Flesh
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.saddle.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Saddle
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.shears.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Shears
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.shield.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Shield
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.sign.*                                   # (default: true) CRAFT Sign
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.skull.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Skeleton Skull
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.slime_ball.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Slimeball
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.snowball.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Snowball
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.spawn_egg.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Spawn
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.speckled_melon.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Glistering Melon
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.spectral_arrow.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Spectral Arrow
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.spider_eye.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Spider Eye
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.splash_potion.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Splash Water Bottle
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.spruce_boat.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Spruce Boat
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.spruce_door.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Spruce Door
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.stick.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Stick
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.stone_axe.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Axe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.stone_hoe.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Hoe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.stone_pickaxe.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.stone_shovel.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Shovel
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.stone_sword.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Sword
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.string.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT String
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.sugar.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Sugar
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.tipped_arrow.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Arrow of Splashing
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.tnt_minecart.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Minecart with TNT
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.water_bucket.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Water Bucket
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.wheat.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Wheat
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.wheat_seeds.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Seeds
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.wooden_axe.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Axe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.wooden_door.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Oak Door
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.wooden_hoe.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Hoe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.wooden_pickaxe.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.wooden_shovel.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Shovel
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.wooden_sword.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Wooden Sword
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.writable_book.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Book and Quill
fe.protection.craft.minecraft.written_book.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Written Book
fe.protection.craft.storagedrawers.drawerKey.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Drawer Key
fe.protection.craft.storagedrawers.personalKey.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Personal Key
fe.protection.craft.storagedrawers.quantify_key.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT Quantify Key
fe.protection.craft.storagedrawers.shroudKey.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Concealment Key
fe.protection.craft.storagedrawers.tape.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Packing Tape
fe.protection.craft.storagedrawers.upgradeCreative.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Creative Storage Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.storagedrawers.upgradeOneStack.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Storage Downgrade
fe.protection.craft.storagedrawers.upgradeRedstone.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Redstone Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.storagedrawers.upgradeStatus.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Status Upgrade (I)
fe.protection.craft.storagedrawers.upgradeStorage.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT Storage Upgrade (I)
fe.protection.craft.storagedrawers.upgradeTemplate.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT Upgrade Template
fe.protection.craft.storagedrawers.upgradeVoid.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT Void Upgrade
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.arrow.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Arrow
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.arrow_head.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Arrow Head
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.arrow_shaft.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Arrow Shaft
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.axe_head.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Axe Head
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.battlesign.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Battlesign
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.binding.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Binding
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.bolt.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Bolt
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.bolt_core.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Bolt Core
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.book.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Materials and You
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.bow_limb.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Bowlimb
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.bow_string.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Bowstring
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.broad_axe_head.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Broad Axe Head
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.broadsword.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Broadsword
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.cast.*                                  # (default: true) CRAFT Blank Cast
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.cast_custom.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Ingot Cast
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.clay_cast.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.tconstruct.clay_cast.blank
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.cleaver.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Cleaver
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.cross_guard.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Cross Guard
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.crossbow.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Crossbow
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.edible.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Bacon
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.excavator.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Excavator
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.excavator_head.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Excavator Head
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.fancy_frame.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Fancy Item Frame
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.fletching.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Fletching
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.frypan.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Frypan
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.hammer.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Hammer
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.hammer_head.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Hammer Head
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.hand_guard.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Hand Guard
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.hatchet.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Hatchet
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.ingots.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Cobalt Ingot
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.knife_blade.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Knife Blade
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.large_plate.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Large Plate
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.large_sword_blade.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT Large Sword Blade
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.longbow.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Longbow
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.longsword.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Longsword
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.lumberaxe.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Lumberaxe
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.materials.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Seared Brick
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.mattock.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Mattock
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.moms_spaghetti.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Mom's Spaghetti
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.nuggets.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Cobalt Nugget
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.pan_head.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Pan
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.pattern.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Blank Pattern
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.pick_head.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Pickaxe Head
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.pickaxe.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT Pickaxe
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.piggybackpack.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Piggybackpack
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.rapier.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Rapier
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.scythe.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Scythe
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.scythe_head.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Scythe Head
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.shard.*                                 # (default: true) CRAFT Shard
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.sharpening_kit.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Sharpening Kit
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.shortbow.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Shortbow
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.shovel.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT Shovel
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.shovel_head.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Shovel Head
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.shuriken.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Shuriken
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.sign_head.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Sign Plate
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.slime_boots.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Slime Boots
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.slimesling.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Slimesling
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.spaghetti.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Impossibly Hard Wheat Sticks
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.stone_stick.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Stone Rod
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.sword_blade.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT Sword Blade
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.throwball.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT Glowball
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.tool_rod.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT Tool Rod
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.tough_binding.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT Tough Binding
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.tough_tool_rod.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT Tough Tool Rod
fe.protection.craft.tconstruct.wide_guard.*                            # (default: true) CRAFT Wide Guard
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.alkahestry_tome.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.alkahestry_tome.name
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.angelheart_vial.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.angelheart_vial.name
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.angelic_feather.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.angelic_feather.name
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.attraction_potion.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.attraction_potion.name
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.bullet.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.bullet_0.name
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.destruction_catalyst.*                  # (default: true) CRAFT item.destruction_catalyst.name
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.emperor_chalice.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.emperor_chalice.name
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.ender_staff.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.ender_staff.name
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.fertile_potion.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.fertile_potion.name
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.fortune_coin.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.fortune_coin.name
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.glacial_staff.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.glacial_staff.name
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.glowing_bread.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.glowing_bread.name
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.glowing_water.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.glowing_water.name
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.gun_part.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.gun_part_0.name
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.handgun.*                               # (default: true) CRAFT item.handgun.name
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.harvest_rod.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.harvest_rod.name
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.heart_zhu.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.heart_zhu_0.name
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.hero_medallion.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.hero_medallion.name
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.holy_hand_grenade.*                     # (default: true) CRAFT item.holy_hand_grenade.name
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.ice_magus_rod.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.ice_magus_rod.name
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.infernal_chalice.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.infernal_chalice.name
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.infernal_claws.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.infernal_claws.name
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.infernal_tear.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.infernal_tear.name
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.kraken_shell.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.kraken_shell.name
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.lantern_of_paranoia.*                   # (default: true) CRAFT item.lantern_of_paranoia.name
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.magazine.*                              # (default: true) CRAFT item.magazine_0.name
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.magicbane.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.magicbane.name
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.mercy_cross.*                           # (default: true) CRAFT item.mercy_cross.name
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.midas_touchstone.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.midas_touchstone.name
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.mob_charm.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.mob_charm_-1.name
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.mob_charm_belt.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.mob_charm_belt.name
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.mob_charm_fragment.*                    # (default: true) CRAFT item.mob_charm_fragment_0.name
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.mob_ingredient.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.mob_ingredient_0.name
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.phoenix_down.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.phoenix_down.name
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.potion.*                                # (default: true) CRAFT item.potion_empty.name
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.potion_essence.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.potion_essence.name
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.pyromancer_staff.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.pyromancer_staff.name
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.rending_gale.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.rending_gale.name
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.rod_of_lyssa.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT item.rod_of_lyssa.name
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.salamander_eye.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.salamander_eye.name
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.serpent_staff.*                         # (default: true) CRAFT item.serpent_staff.name
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.shears_of_winter.*                      # (default: true) CRAFT item.shears_of_winter.name
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.sojourner_staff.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.sojourner_staff.name
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.tipped_arrow.*                          # (default: true) CRAFT Tipped Arrow
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.twilight_cloak.*                        # (default: true) CRAFT item.twilight_cloak.name
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.void_tear.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.void_tear.name
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.void_tear_empty.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.void_tear_empty.name
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.witch_hat.*                             # (default: true) CRAFT item.witch_hat.name
fe.protection.craft.xreliquary.witherless_rose.*                       # (default: true) CRAFT item.witherless_rose.name
fe.protection.exist.*                                                  # (default: true) Allow having item in inventory. Item will be destroyed if not allowed.
fe.protection.exist.agricraft.agri_nugget.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Emerald Nugget
fe.protection.exist.agricraft.agri_seed.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Aurigold Seeds
fe.protection.exist.agricraft.clipper.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Clipper
fe.protection.exist.agricraft.clipping.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Generic Clipping
fe.protection.exist.agricraft.crop_sticks.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Crop Sticks
fe.protection.exist.agricraft.debugger.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Debugger
fe.protection.exist.agricraft.journal.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Agricultural Journal
fe.protection.exist.agricraft.magnifying_glass.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Magnifying Glass
fe.protection.exist.agricraft.rake.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Hand Rake
fe.protection.exist.agricraft.trowel.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Gardening Trowel
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.ardite_boots.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Ardite Boots
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.ardite_chestplate.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Ardite Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.ardite_helmet.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Ardite Helmet
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.ardite_leggings.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Ardite Leggings
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.armorplus_book.*                         # (default: true) EXIST §fArmorPlus Book§r
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.armorplus_info_book.*                    # (default: true) EXIST §fArmorPlus Info Book§r
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.beam.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Beam§r
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.chainmail.*                              # (default: true) EXIST §fChainmail§r
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.chicken_boots.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Chicken Boots
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.chicken_chestplate.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Chicken Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.chicken_helmet.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Chicken Helmet
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.chicken_leggings.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Chicken Leggings
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.coal_arrow.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Coal Arrow
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.coal_battle_axe.*                        # (default: true) EXIST §7Coal Battle Axe
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.coal_boots.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Coal Boots
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.coal_bow.*                               # (default: true) EXIST §7Coal Bow
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.coal_chestplate.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Coal Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.coal_helmet.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Coal Helmet
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.coal_leggings.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Coal Leggings
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.coal_sword.*                             # (default: true) EXIST §7Coal Sword
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.cobalt_boots.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Cobalt Boots
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.cobalt_chestplate.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Cobalt Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.cobalt_helmet.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Cobalt Helmet
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.cobalt_leggings.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Cobalt Leggings
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.dev_item.*                               # (default: true) EXIST NBT Item§r
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.dev_tool.*                               # (default: true) EXIST §lDev Tool
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.electrical_boots.*                       # (default: true) EXIST §4Electrical Boots
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.electrical_chestplate.*                  # (default: true) EXIST §4Electrical Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.electrical_helmet.*                      # (default: true) EXIST §4Electrical Helmet
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.electrical_ingot.*                       # (default: true) EXIST §fElectrical Ingot§r
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.electrical_leggings.*                    # (default: true) EXIST §4Electrical Leggings
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.emerald_battle_axe.*                     # (default: true) EXIST §2Emerald Battle Axe
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.emerald_boots.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Emerald Boots
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.emerald_bow.*                            # (default: true) EXIST §2Emerald Bow
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.emerald_chestplate.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Emerald Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.emerald_helmet.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Emerald Helmet
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.emerald_leggings.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Emerald Leggings
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.emerald_sword.*                          # (default: true) EXIST §2Emerald Sword
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.ender_dragon_arrow.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Ender Dragon Arrow
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.ender_dragon_battle_axe.*                # (default: true) EXIST §5Ender Dragon Battle Axe
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.ender_dragon_boots.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Ender Dragon Boots
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.ender_dragon_bow.*                       # (default: true) EXIST §5Ender Dragon Bow
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.ender_dragon_chestplate.*                # (default: true) EXIST Ender Dragon Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.ender_dragon_helmet.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Ender Dragon Helmet
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.ender_dragon_leggings.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Ender Dragon Leggings
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.ender_dragon_scale.*                     # (default: true) EXIST §5Ender Dragon Scale§r
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.ender_dragon_sword.*                     # (default: true) EXIST §5Ender Dragon Sword
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.energy_storage.*                         # (default: true) EXIST §4item.armorplus.energy_storage.name
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.guardian_battle_axe.*                    # (default: true) EXIST §bGuardian Battle Axe
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.guardian_boots.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Guardian Boots
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.guardian_bow.*                           # (default: true) EXIST §bGuardian Bow
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.guardian_chestplate.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Guardian Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.guardian_helmet.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Guardian Helmet
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.guardian_leggings.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Guardian Leggings
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.guardian_scale.*                         # (default: true) EXIST §bGuardian Scale§r
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.guardian_sword.*                         # (default: true) EXIST §bGuardian Sword
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.jon_bams.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Jon Bams§r
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.knight_slime_boots.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Knight Slime Boots
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.knight_slime_chestplate.*                # (default: true) EXIST Knight Slime Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.knight_slime_helmet.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Knight Slime Helmet
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.knight_slime_leggings.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Knight Slime Leggings
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.lapis_arrow.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Lapis Arrow
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.lapis_battle_axe.*                       # (default: true) EXIST §1Lapis Battle Axe
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.lapis_boots.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Lapis Boots
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.lapis_bow.*                              # (default: true) EXIST §1Lapis Bow
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.lapis_chestplate.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Lapis Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.lapis_helmet.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Lapis Helmet
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.lapis_leggings.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Lapis Leggings
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.lapis_sword.*                            # (default: true) EXIST §1Lapis Sword
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.lava_arrow.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Lava Arrow
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.lava_battle_axe.*                        # (default: true) EXIST §6Lava Battle Axe
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.lava_boots.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Lava Boots
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.lava_bow.*                               # (default: true) EXIST §6Lava Bow
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.lava_chestplate.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Lava Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.lava_crystal.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Lava Crystal
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.lava_helmet.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Lava Helmet
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.lava_leggings.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Lava Leggings
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.lava_sword.*                             # (default: true) EXIST §6Lava Sword
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.manyullyn_boots.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Manyullyn Boots
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.manyullyn_chestplate.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Manyullyn Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.manyullyn_helmet.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Manyullyn Helmet
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.manyullyn_leggings.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Manyullyn Leggings
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.modded_city.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Modded City§r
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.obsidian_battle_axe.*                    # (default: true) EXIST §8Obsidian Battle Axe
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.obsidian_boots.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Obsidian Boots
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.obsidian_bow.*                           # (default: true) EXIST §8Obsidian Bow
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.obsidian_chestplate.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Obsidian Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.obsidian_helmet.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Obsidian Helmet
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.obsidian_leggings.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Obsidian Leggings
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.obsidian_sword.*                         # (default: true) EXIST §8Obsidian Sword
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.pig_iron_boots.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Pig Iron Boots
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.pig_iron_chestplate.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Pig Iron Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.pig_iron_helmet.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Pig Iron Helmet
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.pig_iron_leggings.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Pig Iron Leggings
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.redstone_apple.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Redstone Apple
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.redstone_arrow.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Redstone Arrow
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.redstone_battle_axe.*                    # (default: true) EXIST §4Redstone Battle Axe
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.redstone_boots.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Redstone Boots
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.redstone_bow.*                           # (default: true) EXIST §4Redstone Bow
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.redstone_chestplate.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Redstone Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.redstone_flux_axe.*                      # (default: true) EXIST §4Redstone Flux Axe
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.redstone_flux_hoe.*                      # (default: true) EXIST §4Redstone Flux Hoe
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.redstone_flux_pickaxe.*                  # (default: true) EXIST §4Redstone Flux Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.redstone_flux_rod.*                      # (default: true) EXIST §4Redstone Flux Rod
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.redstone_flux_shovel.*                   # (default: true) EXIST §4Redstone Flux Shovel
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.redstone_flux_sword.*                    # (default: true) EXIST §4Redstone Flux Sword
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.redstone_helmet.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Redstone Helmet
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.redstone_leggings.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Redstone Leggings
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.redstone_sword.*                         # (default: true) EXIST §4Redstone Sword
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.slime_boots.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Slime Boots
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.slime_chestplate.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Slime Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.slime_helmet.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Slime Helmet
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.slime_leggings.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Slime Leggings
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.steel_boots.*                            # (default: true) EXIST §4Steel Boots
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.steel_chestplate.*                       # (default: true) EXIST §4Steel Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.steel_helmet.*                           # (default: true) EXIST §4Steel Helmet
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.steel_ingot.*                            # (default: true) EXIST §fSteel Ingot§r
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.steel_leggings.*                         # (default: true) EXIST §4Steel Leggings
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.super_star_battle_axe.*                  # (default: true) EXIST §fSuper Star Battle Axe
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.super_star_boots.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Super Star Boots
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.super_star_bow.*                         # (default: true) EXIST §fSuper Star Bow
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.super_star_chestplate.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Super Star Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.super_star_helmet.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Super Star Helmet
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.super_star_leggings.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Super Star Leggings
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.super_star_sword.*                       # (default: true) EXIST §fSuper Star Sword
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.tesla_rod.*                              # (default: true) EXIST §3Tesla Rod
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.the_dragon_team.*                        # (default: true) EXIST The Dragon Team§r
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.the_gift_of_the_gods.*                   # (default: true) EXIST §6The Gift Of The Gods
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.the_ultimate_boots_full.*                # (default: true) EXIST §aThe Ultimate Boots
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.the_ultimate_boots_left.*                # (default: true) EXIST §aThe Ultimate Boots Left
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.the_ultimate_boots_middle.*              # (default: true) EXIST §aThe Ultimate Boots Middle
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.the_ultimate_boots_right.*               # (default: true) EXIST §aThe Ultimate Boots Right
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.the_ultimate_chestplate_full.*           # (default: true) EXIST §aThe Ultimate Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.the_ultimate_chestplate_left.*           # (default: true) EXIST §aThe Ultimate Chestplate Left
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.the_ultimate_chestplate_middle.*         # (default: true) EXIST §aThe Ultimate Chestplate Middle
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.the_ultimate_chestplate_right.*          # (default: true) EXIST §aThe Ultimate Chestplate Right
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.the_ultimate_helmet_full.*               # (default: true) EXIST §aThe Ultimate Helmet
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.the_ultimate_helmet_left.*               # (default: true) EXIST §aThe Ultimate Helmet Left
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.the_ultimate_helmet_middle.*             # (default: true) EXIST §aThe Ultimate Helmet Middle
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.the_ultimate_helmet_right.*              # (default: true) EXIST §aThe Ultimate Helmet Right
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.the_ultimate_leggings_full.*             # (default: true) EXIST §aThe Ultimate Leggings
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.the_ultimate_leggings_left.*             # (default: true) EXIST §aThe Ultimate Legging Left
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.the_ultimate_leggings_middle.*           # (default: true) EXIST §aThe Ultimate Legging Middle
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.the_ultimate_leggings_right.*            # (default: true) EXIST §aThe Ultimate Legging Right
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.the_ultimate_material.*                  # (default: true) EXIST §aThe Ultimate Material§r
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.twitch.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Twitch§r
fe.protection.exist.armorplus.wither_bone.*                            # (default: true) EXIST §fWither Bone§r
fe.protection.exist.aroma1997sdimension.dimensionChanger.*             # (default: true) EXIST DimensionChanger
fe.protection.exist.aroma1997sdimension.portalIgniter.*                # (default: true) EXIST Mining Multitool
fe.protection.exist.backpacks16840.backpack.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Black Backpack
fe.protection.exist.backpacks16840.backpack_pouch.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Backpack Pouch
fe.protection.exist.backpacks16840.backpack_resizer.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Backpack Resizer
fe.protection.exist.backpacks16840.backpack_restorer.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Backpack Restorer
fe.protection.exist.backpacks16840.quantum_backpack.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Quantum Backpack
fe.protection.exist.backpacks16840.unknown_item.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Unknown Item
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.BiblioCreativeLock.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Lock and Key
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.BiblioRedBook.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Redstone: Volume I
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.BigBook.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Big Writing Book
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.FramingBoard.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Framing Board
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.FramingSaw.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Framing Saw
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.FramingSheet.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Framing Sheet
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.HandDrill.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Hand Drill
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.PlumbLine.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Plumb line
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.RecipeBook.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Empty Recipe Book
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.SlottedBook.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Slotted Book
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.TesterItem.*                           # (default: true) EXIST ItemStack Name Tester
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.compass.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Compass
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.maptool.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Drafting Compass
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.seatback1.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.seatback2.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.seatback3.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.seatback4.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.exist.bibliocraft.seatback5.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.exist.chisel.chisel_diamond.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Chisel
fe.protection.exist.chisel.chisel_hitech.*                             # (default: true) EXIST iChisel
fe.protection.exist.chisel.chisel_iron.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Chisel
fe.protection.exist.chisel.offsettool.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Ender Offset Wand
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcAirElement.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Air Element
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcAmethyst.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Amethyst
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcAncientCoin.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Ancient Coin
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcAncientScroll.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Ancient Scroll
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcArcaneSpell.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Arcane Spell
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcArtifact.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Artifact
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcAssassinBoots.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Assassins Boots
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcAssassinChest.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Assassins ChestPlate
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcAssassinHead.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Assassins Helmet
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcAssassinLeggings.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Assassins Leggings
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcBag.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Bag
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcBanditMask.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Bandit Mask
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcBanjo.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Banjo
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcBaseballBat.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Baseball Bat
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcBatton.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Baton
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcBearClaw.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Bear Claw
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcBlackBullet.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Black Bullet
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcBlueprint.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Blueprint
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcBoStaff.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Bo Staff
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcBrokenArrow.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Broken Arrow
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcBrokenBottle.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Broken Bottle
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcBrokenOrb.*                          # (default: true) EXIST BrokenOrb
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcBronzeBattleAxe.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Battle Axe
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcBronzeBroadsword.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Broadsword
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcBronzeBullet.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Bullet
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcBronzeDagger.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Dagger
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcBronzeGlaive.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Glaive
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcBronzeGun.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Gun
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcBronzeHalberd.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Halberd
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcBronzeIngot.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Ingot
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcBronzeMace.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Mace
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcBronzeReversedDagger.*               # (default: true) EXIST Reversed Bronze Dagger
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcBronzeScythe.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Scythe
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcBronzeShield.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Shield
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcBronzeSkirt.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Skirt
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcBronzeSpear.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Spear
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcBronzeStaff.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Staff
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcBronzeSword.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Sword
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcBronzeTrident.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Trident
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcBronzeWarhammer.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Warhammer
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcCarKey.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Car Key
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcChainSkirt.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Chain Skirt
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcChickenSword.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Chicken Sword
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcClarinet.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Clarinet
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcCleaver.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Cleaver
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcCoinBronze.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Bronze Coin
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcCoinDiamond.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Coin
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcCoinEmerald.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Emerald Coin
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcCoinGold.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Golden Coin
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcCoinIron.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Iron Coin
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcCoinStone.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Stone Coin
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcCoinWooden.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Coin
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcCombatKnive.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Combat Knife
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcCommissarBottom.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Commissar Trenchcoat
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcCommissarChest.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Commissar ChestPlate
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcCommissarHead.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Commissar Helmet
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcCommissarLegs.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Commissar Leggings
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcCowleatherBoots.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Cowleather Boots
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcCowleatherChest.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Cowleather ChestPlate
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcCowleatherHead.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Cowleather Helmet
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcCowleatherLegs.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Cowleather Leggings
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcCrossBolt.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Crossbow Bolt
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcCrossbow.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Crossbow
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcCrowbar.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Crowbar
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcCrown.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Crown
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcCrown2.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Crown
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcCryscentShield.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Shield
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcCrystal.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Crystal
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcCursedTrident.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Cursed Trident
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcDarkSpell.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Dark Spell
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcDemonicBattleAxe.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Demonic Battle Axe
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcDemonicBoots.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Demonic Boots
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcDemonicBroadsword.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Demonic Broadsword
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcDemonicChest.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Demonic ChestPlate
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcDemonicDagger.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Demonic Dagger
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcDemonicGlaive.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Demonic Glaive
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcDemonicHalberd.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Demonic Halberd
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcDemonicHead.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Demonic Helmet
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcDemonicIngot.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Demonic Ingot
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcDemonicLegs.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Demonic Leggings
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcDemonicMace.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Demonic Mace
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcDemonicReversedDagger.*              # (default: true) EXIST Reversed Demonic Dagger
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcDemonicScythe.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Demonic Scythe
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcDemonicShield.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Shield
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcDemonicSkirt.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Demonic Skirt
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcDemonicSpear.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Demonic Spear
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcDemonicStaff.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Demonic Staff
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcDemonicSword.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Demonic Sword
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcDemonicTrident.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Demonic Trident
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcDemonicWarhammer.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Demonic Warhammer
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcDiaShield.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Shield
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcDiamondBattleAxe.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Battle Axe
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcDiamondBroadsword.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Broadsword
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcDiamondBullet.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Bullet
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcDiamondDagger.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Dagger
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcDiamondGlaive.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Glaive
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcDiamondGun.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Gun
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcDiamondHalberd.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Halberd
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcDiamondMace.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Mace
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcDiamondReversedDagger.*              # (default: true) EXIST Reversed Diamond Dagger
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcDiamondScythe.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Scythe
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcDiamondSkirt.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Skirt
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcDiamondSpear.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Spear
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcDiamondStaff.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Staff
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcDiamondTrident.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Trident
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcDiamondWarhammer.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Warhammer
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcEarthElement.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Earth Element
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcElementalStaff.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Elemental Staff
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcEmeraldBattleAxe.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Emerald Battle Axe
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcEmeraldBroadsword.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Emerald Broadsword
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcEmeraldBullet.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Emerald Bullet
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcEmeraldDagger.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Emerald Dagger
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcEmeraldGlaive.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Emerald Glaive
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcEmeraldGun.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Emerald Gun
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcEmeraldHalberd.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Emerald Halberd
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcEmeraldMace.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Emerald Mace
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcEmeraldReversedDagger.*              # (default: true) EXIST Reversed Emerald Dagger
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcEmeraldScythe.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Emerald Scythe
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcEmeraldShield.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Shield
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcEmeraldSkirt.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Emerald Skirt
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcEmeraldSpear.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Emerald Spear
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcEmeraldStaff.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Emerald Staff
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcEmeraldSword.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Emerald Sword
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcEmeraldTrident.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Emerald Trident
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcEmeraldWarhammer.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Emerald Warhammer
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcExcalibur.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Excalibur
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcFireElement.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Fire Element
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcFireSpell.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Fire Spell
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcFrenchHorn.*                         # (default: true) EXIST French Horn
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcFrostBattleAxe.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Frost Battle Axe
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcFrostBroadsword.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Frost Broadsword
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcFrostDagger.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Frost Dagger
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcFrostGlaive.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Frost Glaive
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcFrostHalberd.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Frost Halberd
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcFrostMace.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Frost Mace
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcFrostReversedDagger.*                # (default: true) EXIST Reversed Frost Dagger
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcFrostScythe.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Frost Scythe
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcFrostShield.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Shield
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcFrostSpear.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Frost Spear
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcFrostStaff.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Frost Staff
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcFrostSword.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Frost Sword
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcFrostTrident.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Frost Trident
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcFrostWarhammer.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Frost Warhammer
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcFullBronzeBoots.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Full Bronze Boots
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcFullBronzeChest.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Full Bronze ChestPlate
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcFullBronzeHead.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Full Bronze Helmet
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcFullBronzeLeggings.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Full Bronze Leggings
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcFullBronzeShield.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Shield
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcFullDiaShield.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Shield
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcFullDiamondChest.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Full Diamond ChestPlate
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcFullDiamondHead.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Full Diamond Helmet
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcFullEmeraldBoots.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Full Emerald Boots
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcFullEmeraldChest.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Full Emerald ChestPlate
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcFullEmeraldHead.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Full Emerald Helmet
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcFullEmeraldLeggings.*                # (default: true) EXIST Full Emerald Leggings
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcFullEmeraldShield.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Shield
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcFullGoldChest.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Full Gold ChestPlate
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcFullGoldHead.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Full Gold Helmet
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcFullGoldenShield.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Shield
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcFullIronChest.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Full Iron ChestPlate
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcFullIronHead.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Full Iron Helmet
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcFullIronShield.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Shield
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcFullLeatherChest.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Full Leather ChestPlate
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcFullLeatherHead.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Full Leather Helmet
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcFullStoneShield.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Shield
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcFullWoodenBoots.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Full Wooden Boots
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcFullWoodenChest.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Full Wooden ChestPlate
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcFullWoodenHead.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Full Wooden Helmet
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcFullWoodenLeggings.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Full Wooden Leggings
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcFullWoodenShield.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Shield
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcGiantShuriken.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Giant Shuriken
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcGoldGun.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Golden Gun
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcGoldSkirt.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Golden Skirt
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcGoldTrident.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Golden Trident
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcGoldenBattleAxe.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Golden Battle Axe
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcGoldenBroadsword.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Golden Broadsword
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcGoldenBullet.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Golden Bullet
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcGoldenDagger.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Golden Dagger
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcGoldenGlaive.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Golden Glaive
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcGoldenHalberd.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Golden Halberd
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcGoldenMace.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Golden Mace
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcGoldenReversedDagger.*               # (default: true) EXIST Reversed Golden Dagger
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcGoldenScythe.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Golden Scythe
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcGoldenShield.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Shield
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcGoldenSpear.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Golden Spear
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcGoldenStaff.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Golden Staff
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcGoldenWarhammer.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Golden Warhammer
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcGolfClub.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Golf Club
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcGuitar.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Guitar
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcGunChainsaw.*                        # (default: true) EXIST GunChainsaw
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcHammer.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Hammer
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcHandCuffs.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Handcuffs
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcHarp.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Harp
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcHeart.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Heart
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcHeaterShield.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Shield
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcHockeyStick.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Hockey Stick
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcHolySpell.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Holy Spell
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcIceSpell.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Ice Spell
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcInfantryHelmet.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Infantry Helmet
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcIronBattleAxe.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Iron Battle Axe
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcIronBroadsword.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Iron Broadsword
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcIronBullet.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Iron Bullet
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcIronDagger.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Iron Dagger
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcIronGlaive.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Iron Glaive
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcIronGun.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Iron Gun
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcIronHalberd.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Iron Halberd
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcIronMace.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Iron Mace
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcIronReversedDagger.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Reversed Iron Dagger
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcIronScythe.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Iron Scythe
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcIronShield.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Shield
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcIronSkirt.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Iron Skirt
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcIronSpear.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Iron Spear
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcIronStaff.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Iron Staff
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcIronTrident.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Iron Trident
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcIronWarhammer.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Iron Warhammer
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcKatana.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Katana
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcKatar.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Katar
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcKey.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Key
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcKey2.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Key
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcKukri.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Kukri
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcKunai.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Kunai
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcLeadPipe.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Lead Pipe
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcLeafBlade.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Leaf Blade
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcLeatherSkirt.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Leather Skirt
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcLetter.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Letter
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcLightningSpell.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Lightning Spell
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcLocket.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Locket
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcMachineGun.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Machine Gun
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcMacuahuitl.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Macuahuitl
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcMagicWand.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Magic Wand
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcMana.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Mana
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcMithrilBattleAxe.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Mithril Battle Axe
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcMithrilBoots.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Mithril Boots
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcMithrilBroadsword.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Mithril Broadsword
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcMithrilChest.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Mithril ChestPlate
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcMithrilDagger.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Mithril Dagger
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcMithrilGlaive.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Mithril Glaive
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcMithrilHalberd.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Mithril Halberd
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcMithrilHead.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Mithril Helmet
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcMithrilIngot.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Mithril Ingot
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcMithrilLegs.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Mithril Leggings
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcMithrilMace.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Mithril Mace
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcMithrilReversedDagger.*              # (default: true) EXIST Reversed Mithril Dagger
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcMithrilScythe.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Mithril Scythe
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcMithrilShield.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Shield
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcMithrilSkirt.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Mithril Skirt
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcMithrilSpear.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Mithril Spear
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcMithrilStaff.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Mithril Staff
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcMithrilSword.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Mithril Sword
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcMithrilTrident.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Mithril Trident
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcMithrilWarhammer.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Mithril Warhammer
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcMobCloner.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Mob Cloner
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcMoney.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Money
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcMounter.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Mounter
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcMovingPath.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Npc Pather
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcMusket.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Musket
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcNanorumBoots.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Nanorum Boots
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcNanorumChest.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Nanorum ChestPlate
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcNanorumHead.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Nanorum Helmet
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcNanorumLegs.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Nanorum Leggings
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcNatureSpell.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Nature Spell
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcNecklace.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Necklace
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcNinjaChest.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Ninja Chest
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcNinjaClaw.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Ninja Claw
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcNinjaHead.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Ninja Head
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcNinjaPants.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Ninja Leggings
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcOcarina.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Ocarina
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcOfficerChest.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Officer ChestPlate
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcOrb.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Orb
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcPaperCrown.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Paper Crown
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcPendant.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Pendant
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcPhone.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Phone
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcPipeWrench.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Pipe Wrench
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcPlans.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Plans
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcRapier.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Rapier
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcReverseKunai.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Reverse Kunai
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcRing.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Ring
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcRuby.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Ruby
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcSaber.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Saber
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcSaiBlade.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Sai Blade
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcSaphire.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Sapphire
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcSatchel.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Satchel
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcScriptedDoorTool.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Scripted Door
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcScripter.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Scripter
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcScutumShield.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Shield
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcSeveredEar.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Severed Ear
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcShuriken.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Shuriken
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcSilk.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Silk
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcSkull.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Skull
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcSledgeHammer.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Sledgehammer
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcSlingshot.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Slingshot
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcSoldierBottom.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Soldier Trenchcoat
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcSoldierChest.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Soldier ChestPlate
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcSoldierHead.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Soldier Helmet
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcSoldierLegs.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Soldier Leggings
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcSoulstoneEmpty.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Soulstone Empty
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcSoulstoneFilled.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Soulstone Filled
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcStatuette.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Statuette
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcSteelClaw.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Steel Claw
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcStoneBattleAxe.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Stone Battle Axe
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcStoneBroadsword.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Stone Broadsword
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcStoneBullet.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Stone Bullet
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcStoneDagger.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Stone Dagger
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcStoneGlaive.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Stone Glaive
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcStoneGun.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Stone Gun
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcStoneHalberd.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Stone Halberd
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcStoneMace.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Stone Mace
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcStoneReversedDagger.*                # (default: true) EXIST Reversed Stone Dagger
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcStoneScythe.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Stone Scythe
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcStoneShield.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Shield
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcStoneSpear.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Stone Spear
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcStoneStaff.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Stone Staff
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcStoneTrident.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Stone Trident
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcStoneWarhammer.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Stone Warhammer
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcSwissArmyKnife.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Swiss Army Knife
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcTablet.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Tablet
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcTacticalChest.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Tactical Vest
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcTacticalHead.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Tactical Helmet
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcTeleporter.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Teleporter
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcTowerShield.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Shield
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcTuxedoBottom.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Tuxedo Trenchcoat
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcTuxedoChest.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Tuxedo Chest
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcTuxedoPants.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Tuxedo Pants
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcUsbStick.*                           # (default: true) EXIST USB-Stick
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcViolin.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Violin
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcViolinBow.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Violin Bow
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcWand.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Npc Wand
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcWaterElement.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Water Element
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcWizardChest.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Wizard Chest
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcWizardHead.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Wizard Head
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcWizardPants.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Wizard Leggings
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcWoodenBattleAxe.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Battle Axe
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcWoodenBroadsword.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Broadsword
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcWoodenBullet.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Bullet
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcWoodenDagger.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Dagger
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcWoodenGlaive.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Glaive
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcWoodenGun.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Gun
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcWoodenHalberd.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Halberd
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcWoodenMace.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Mace
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcWoodenReversedDagger.*               # (default: true) EXIST Reversed Wooden Dagger
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcWoodenScythe.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Scythe
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcWoodenShield.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Shield
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcWoodenSpear.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Spear
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcWoodenStaff.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Staff
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcWoodenTrident.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Trident
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcWoodenWarhammer.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Warhammer
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcWrench.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Wrench
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcX407Boots.*                          # (default: true) EXIST X407 Prototype Boots
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcX407Chest.*                          # (default: true) EXIST X407 Prototype ChestPlate
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcX407Head.*                           # (default: true) EXIST X407 Prototype Helmet
fe.protection.exist.customnpcs.npcX407Legs.*                           # (default: true) EXIST X407 Prototype Leggings
fe.protection.exist.forge.bucketFilled.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Bucket
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.almondbutteritem.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Almond Butter
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.almonditem.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Almond
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.anchovypepperonipizzaitem.*           # (default: true) EXIST Anchovy Pepperoni Pizza
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.anchovyrawitem.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Raw Anchovy
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.applecideritem.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Apple Cider
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.applefritteritem.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Apple Fritter
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.applejellyitem.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Apple Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.applejellysandwichitem.*              # (default: true) EXIST Apple Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.applejuiceitem.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Apple Juice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.applepieitem.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Apple Pie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.applesauceitem.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Apple Sauce
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.applesmoothieitem.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Apple Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.appleyogurtitem.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Apple Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.apricotglazedporkitem.*               # (default: true) EXIST Apricot Glazed Pork
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.apricotitem.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Apricot
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.apricotjellyitem.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Apricot Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.apricotjellysandwichitem.*            # (default: true) EXIST Apricot Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.apricotjuiceitem.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Apricot Juice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.apricotsmoothieitem.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Apricot Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.apricotyogurtitem.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Apricot Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.artichokeitem.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Artichoke
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.artichokeseeditem.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Artichoke Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.asparagusitem.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Asparagus
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.asparagusquicheitem.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Asparagus Quiche
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.asparagusseeditem.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Asparagus Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.asparagussoupitem.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Asparagus Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.avocadoburritoitem.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Avocado Burrito
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.avocadoitem.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Avocado
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.baconandeggsitem.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Bacon and Eggs
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.baconcheeseburgeritem.*               # (default: true) EXIST Bacon Cheeseburger
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.baconmushroomburgeritem.*             # (default: true) EXIST Bacon Mushroom Burger
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.baconwrappeddatesitem.*               # (default: true) EXIST Bacon Wrapped Dates
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.bakedbeansitem.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Baked Beans
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.bakedbeetsitem.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Baked Beets
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.bakedhamitem.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Baked Ham
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.bakedsweetpotatoitem.*                # (default: true) EXIST Baked Sweet Potato
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.bakedturnipsitem.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Baked Turnips
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.bakewareitem.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Bakeware
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.baklavaitem.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Baklava
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.bambooshootitem.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Bamboo Shoot
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.bambooshootseeditem.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Bamboo Shoot Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.bamboosteamedriceitem.*               # (default: true) EXIST Bamboo Steamed Rice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.bananaitem.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Banana
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.bananamilkshakeitem.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Banana Milkeshake
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.banananutbreaditem.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Banana Nut Bread
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.bananasmoothieitem.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Banana Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.bananasplititem.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Banana Split
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.bananayogurtitem.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Banana Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.bangersandmashitem.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Bangers and Mash
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.barleyitem.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Barley
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.barleyseeditem.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Barley Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.bassrawitem.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Raw Bass
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.batteredsausageitem.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Battered Sausage
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.batteritem.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Batter
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.bbqpulledporkitem.*                   # (default: true) EXIST BBQ Pulled Pork
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.beanburritoitem.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Bean Burrito
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.beanitem.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Beans
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.beansandriceitem.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Beans and Rice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.beanseeditem.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Bean Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.beansontoastitem.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Beans on Toast
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.beefjerkyitem.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Beef Jerky
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.beefwellingtonitem.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Beef Wellington
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.beeswaxitem.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Pressed Wax
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.beetburgeritem.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Beet Burger
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.beetitem.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Beet
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.beetsaladitem.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Beet Salad
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.beetseeditem.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Beet Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.beetsoupitem.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Beet Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.bellpepperitem.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Bellpepper
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.bellpepperseeditem.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Bellpepper Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.biscuititem.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Biscuit
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.biscuitsandgravyitem.*                # (default: true) EXIST Biscuits and Gravy
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.blackberrycobbleritem.*               # (default: true) EXIST Blackberry Cobbler
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.blackberryitem.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Blackberry
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.blackberryjellyitem.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Blackberry Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.blackberryjellysandwichitem.*         # (default: true) EXIST Blackberry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.blackberryjuiceitem.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Blackberry Juice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.blackberryseeditem.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Blackberry Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.blackberrysmoothieitem.*              # (default: true) EXIST Blackberry Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.blackberryyogurtitem.*                # (default: true) EXIST Blackberry Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.blackpepperitem.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Black Pepper
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.bltitem.*                             # (default: true) EXIST BLT
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.blueberryitem.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Blueberry
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.blueberryjellyitem.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Blueberry Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.blueberryjellysandwichitem.*          # (default: true) EXIST Blueberry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.blueberryjuiceitem.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Blueberry Juice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.blueberrymuffinitem.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Blueberry Muffin
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.blueberrypancakesitem.*               # (default: true) EXIST Blueberry Pancakes
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.blueberrypieitem.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Blueberry Pie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.blueberryseeditem.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Blueberry Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.blueberrysmoothieitem.*               # (default: true) EXIST Blueberry Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.blueberryyogurtitem.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Blueberry Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.boiledeggitem.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Boiled Egg
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.braisedonionsitem.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Braised Onions
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.breadedporkchopitem.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Breaded Porkchop
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.broccoliitem.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Broccoli
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.broccolimacitem.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Broccoli Mac
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.broccolindipitem.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Broccoli n Dip
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.broccoliseeditem.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Broccoli Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.brownieitem.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Brownie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.brusselsproutitem.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Brussel Sprout
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.brusselsproutseeditem.*               # (default: true) EXIST Brussel Sprout Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.bubblywateritem.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Bubbly Water
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.butteredpotatoitem.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Buttered Potato
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.butteritem.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Butter
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cabbageitem.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Cabbage
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cabbageseeditem.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Cabbage Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cactusfruititem.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Cactus Fruit
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cactusfruitjuiceitem.*                # (default: true) EXIST Cactus Fruit Juice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cactusfruitseeditem.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Cactus Fruit Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cactussoupitem.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Cactus Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.calamaricookeditem.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Calamari
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.calamarirawitem.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Raw Calamari
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.californiarollitem.*                  # (default: true) EXIST California Roll
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.candiedgingeritem.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Candied Ginger
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.candiedlemonitem.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Candied Lemon
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.candiedsweetpotatoesitem.*            # (default: true) EXIST Candied Sweet Potatoes
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.candiedwalnutsitem.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Candied Walnuts
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.candleberryitem.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Candleberry
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.candleberryseeditem.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Candleberry Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cantaloupeitem.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Cantaloupe
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cantaloupeseeditem.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Cantaloupe Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.caramelappleitem.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Caramel Apple
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.caramelicecreamitem.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Caramel Ice Cream
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.caramelitem.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Caramel
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.carprawitem.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Raw Carp
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.carrotjuiceitem.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Carrot Juice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.carrotsoupitem.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Carrot Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cashewbutteritem.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Cashew Butter
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cashewchickenitem.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Cashew Chicken
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cashewitem.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Cashew
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.catfishrawitem.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Raw Catfish
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.caulifloweritem.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Cauliflower
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cauliflowerseeditem.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Cauliflower Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.ceasarsaladitem.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Ceasar Salad
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.celeryandpeanutbutteritem.*           # (default: true) EXIST Celery and Peanut Butter
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.celeryitem.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Celery
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.celeryseeditem.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Celery Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.celerysoupitem.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Celery Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chaiteaitem.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Chai Tea
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chaoscookieitem.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Chaos Cookie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.charrrawitem.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Raw Charr
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.charsiuitem.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Char Siu
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cheeseburgeritem.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Cheeseburger
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cheeseitem.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Cheese
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cheeseontoastitem.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Cheese on Toast
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cherrycoconutchocolatebaritem.*       # (default: true) EXIST Cherry Coconut Chocolate Bar
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cherryicecreamitem.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Cherry Ice Cream
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cherryitem.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Cherry
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cherryjellyitem.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Cherry Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cherryjellysandwichitem.*             # (default: true) EXIST Cherry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cherryjuiceitem.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Cherry Juice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cherrypieitem.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Cherry Pie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cherrysmoothieitem.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Cherry Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cherrysodaitem.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Cherry Soda
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cherryyogurtitem.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Cherry Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chestnutbutteritem.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Chestnut Butter
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chestnutitem.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Chestnut
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chickencelerycasseroleitem.*          # (default: true) EXIST Chicken Celery Casserole
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chickenchowmeinitem.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Chicken Chow Mein
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chickencurryitem.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Chicken Curry
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chickengumboitem.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Chicken Gumbo
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chickennoodlesoupitem.*               # (default: true) EXIST Chicken Noodle Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chickenparmasanitem.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Chicken Parmesan
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chickenpotpieitem.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Chicken Pot Pie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chickensandwichitem.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Chicken Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chikorollitem.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Chiko Roll
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chilichocolateitem.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Chili Chocolate
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chiliitem.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Chili
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chilipepperitem.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Chili Pepper
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chilipepperseeditem.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Chili Pepper Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chilipoppersitem.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Chili Poppers
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chocolatebaconitem.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Chocolate Bacon
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chocolatebaritem.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Chocolate Bar
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chocolatecaramelfudgeitem.*           # (default: true) EXIST Chocolate Caramel Fudge
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chocolatecherryitem.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Chocolate Cherry
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chocolatedonutitem.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Chocolate Donut
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chocolateicecreamitem.*               # (default: true) EXIST Chocolate Ice Cream
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chocolatemilkitem.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Chocolate Milk
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chocolatemilkshakeitem.*              # (default: true) EXIST Chocolate Milkshake
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chocolaterollitem.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Chocolate Roll
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chocolatestrawberryitem.*             # (default: true) EXIST Chocolate Strawberry
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chocolateyogurtitem.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Chocolate Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chocovoxelsitem.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Choco Voxels Cereal
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.chorizoitem.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Chorizo
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cinnamonappleoatmealitem.*            # (default: true) EXIST Cinnamon Apple Oatmeal
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cinnamonitem.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Cinnamon
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cinnamonrollitem.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Cinnamon Roll
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cinnamonsugardonutitem.*              # (default: true) EXIST Cinnamon Sugar Donut
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cinnamontoastitem.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Cinnamon Toast
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.citrussaladitem.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Citrus Salad
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.clamcookeditem.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Clam
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.clamrawitem.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Raw Clam
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cocoapowderitem.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Cocoa Powder
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.coconutcreamitem.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Coconut Cream
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.coconutitem.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Coconut
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.coconutmilkitem.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Coconut Milk
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.coconutshrimpitem.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Coconut Shrimp
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.coconutsmoothieitem.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Coconut Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.coconutyogurtitem.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Coconut Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.coffeebeanitem.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Coffee Beans
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.coffeeconlecheitem.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Coffee con Leche
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.coffeeitem.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Cup of Coffee
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.coffeeseeditem.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Coffee Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.colasodaitem.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Cola Soda
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.coleslawburgeritem.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Coleslaw Burger
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.coleslawitem.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Coleslaw
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cookedtofabbititem.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Tofabbit
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cookedtofaconitem.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Tofacon
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cookedtofeakitem.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Tofeak
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cookedtofeegitem.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Tofeeg
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cookedtofenisonitem.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Tofenison
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cookedtofickenitem.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Toficken
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cookedtofishitem.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Tofish
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cookedtofurkeyitem.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Tofurkey
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cookedtofuttonitem.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Tofutton
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cornbreaditem.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Cornbread
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cornedbeefhashitem.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Corned Beef Hash
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cornedbeefitem.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Corned Beef
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cornflakesitem.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Cornflakes
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cornishpastyitem.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Cornish Pasty
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cornitem.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Corn
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cornmealitem.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Cornmeal
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cornonthecobitem.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Corn on the Cob
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cornseeditem.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Corn Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cottagepieitem.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Cottage Pie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cottoncandyitem.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Cotton Candy
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cottonitem.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Cotton
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cottonseeditem.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Cotton Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.crabcookeditem.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Crab
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.crabrawitem.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Raw Crab
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.crackeritem.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Cracker
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.crackersitem.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Crackers
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cranberrybaritem.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Cranberry Bar
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cranberryitem.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Cranberry
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cranberryjellyitem.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Cranberry Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cranberryjellysandwichitem.*          # (default: true) EXIST Cranberry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cranberryjuiceitem.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Cranberry Juice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cranberrysauceitem.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Cranberry Sauce
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cranberryseeditem.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Cranberry Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cranberrysmoothieitem.*               # (default: true) EXIST Cranberry Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cranberryyogurtitem.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Cranberry Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.crayfishcookeditem.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Crayfish
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.crayfishrawitem.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Raw Crayfish
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.creamcookieitem.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Cream Cookie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.creamedbroccolisoupitem.*             # (default: true) EXIST Creamed Broccoli Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.creamedcornitem.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Creamed Corn
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.creamofavocadosoupitem.*              # (default: true) EXIST Cream of Avocado Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.creepercookieitem.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Creeper Cookie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.creeperwingsitem.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Creeper Wings
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.croissantitem.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Croissant
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cucumberitem.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Cucumber
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cucumbersaladitem.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Cucumber Salad
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cucumberseeditem.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Cucumber Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cucumbersoupitem.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Cucumber Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.curryitem.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Curry Rice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.curryleafitem.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Curry Leaf
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.curryleafseeditem.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Curry Leaf Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.currypowderitem.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Curry Powder
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.custarditem.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Custard
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.cuttingboarditem.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Cutting Board
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.damperitem.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Damper
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.dateitem.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Date
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.datenutbreaditem.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Date Nut Bread
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.delightedmealitem.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Delighted Meal
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.deluxecheeseburgeritem.*              # (default: true) EXIST Deluxe Cheeseburger
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.deluxechickencurryitem.*              # (default: true) EXIST Deluxe Chicken Curry
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.dhalitem.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Dhal
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.dimsumitem.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Dim Sum
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.donutitem.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Donut
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.doughitem.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Dough
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.dragonfruititem.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Dragonfruit
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.durianitem.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Durian
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.durianmilkshakeitem.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Durian Milkshake
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.durianmuffinitem.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Durian Muffin
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.ediblerootitem.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Edible Root
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.eelrawitem.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Raw Eel
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.eggnogitem.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Egg Nog
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.eggplantitem.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Eggplant
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.eggplantparmitem.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Eggplant Parm
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.eggplantseeditem.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Eggplant Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.eggsaladitem.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Egg Salad
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.energydrinkitem.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Energy Drink
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.epicbaconitem.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Epic Bacon
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.espressoitem.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Espresso
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.extremechiliitem.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Extreme Chili
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.fairybreaditem.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Fairy Bread
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.figbaritem.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Fig Bar
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.figitem.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Fig
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.figjellyitem.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Fig Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.figjellysandwichitem.*                # (default: true) EXIST Fig Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.figjuiceitem.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Fig Juice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.figsmoothieitem.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Fig Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.figyogurtitem.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Fig Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.firmtofuitem.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Firm Tofu
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.fishandchipsitem.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Fish and Chips
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.fishdinneritem.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Fish Dinner
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.fishlettucewrapitem.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Fish Lettuce Wrap
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.fishsandwichitem.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Fish Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.fishsticksitem.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Fish Sticks
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.fishtacoitem.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Fish Taco
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.fishtrapbaititem.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Fish Trap Bait
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.fivespiceitem.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Five Spice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.flouritem.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Flour
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.footlongitem.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Footlong
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.frenchtoastitem.*                     # (default: true) EXIST French Toast
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.freshmilkitem.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Fresh Milk
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.freshwateritem.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Fresh Water
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.friedchickenitem.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Fried Chicken
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.friedeggitem.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Fried Egg
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.friedonionsitem.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Fried Onions
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.friedpecanokraitem.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Fried Pecan Okra
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.friedriceitem.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Fried Rice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.friesitem.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Fries
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.frogcookeditem.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Frog Legs
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.frograwitem.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Raw Frog
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.frosteddonutitem.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Frosted Donut
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.fruitbaititem.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Fruit Bait
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.fruitcrumbleitem.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Fruit Crumble
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.fruitpunchitem.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Fruit Punch
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.fruitsaladitem.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Fruit Salad
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.futomakiitem.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Futo Maki
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.garammasalaitem.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Garam Masala
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.gardensoupitem.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Garden Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.garlicbreaditem.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Garlic Bread
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.garlicchickenitem.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Garlic Chicken
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.garlicitem.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Garlic
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.garlicmashedpotatoesitem.*            # (default: true) EXIST Garlic Mashed Potatoes
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.garlicseeditem.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Garlic Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.generaltsochickenitem.*               # (default: true) EXIST General Tso's Chicken
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.gherkinitem.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Gherkin
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.gingerbreaditem.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Ginger Bread
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.gingerchickenitem.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Ginger Chicken
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.gingeredrhubarbtartitem.*             # (default: true) EXIST Gingered Rhubarb Tart
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.gingeritem.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Ginger
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.gingerseeditem.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Ginger Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.gingersnapsitem.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Ginger Snaps
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.gingersodaitem.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Ginger Ale
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.glazedcarrotsitem.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Glazed Carrots
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.gooseberryitem.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Gooseberry
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.gooseberryjellyitem.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Gooseberry Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.gooseberryjellysandwichitem.*         # (default: true) EXIST Gooseberry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.gooseberrymilkshakeitem.*             # (default: true) EXIST Gooseberry Milkshake
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.gooseberrypieitem.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Gooseberry Pie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.gooseberrysmoothieitem.*              # (default: true) EXIST Gooseberry Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.gooseberryyogurtitem.*                # (default: true) EXIST Gooseberry Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.grainbaititem.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Grain Bait
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.grapefruititem.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Grapefruit
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.grapefruitjellyitem.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Grapefruit Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.grapefruitjellysandwichitem.*         # (default: true) EXIST Grapefruit Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.grapefruitjuiceitem.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Grapfruit Juice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.grapefruitsmoothieitem.*              # (default: true) EXIST Grapefruit Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.grapefruitsodaitem.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Grapefruit Soda
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.grapefruityogurtitem.*                # (default: true) EXIST Grapefruit Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.grapeitem.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Grape
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.grapejellyitem.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Grape Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.grapejuiceitem.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Grape Juice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.grapesaladitem.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Grape Salad
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.grapeseeditem.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Grape Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.grapesmoothieitem.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Grape Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.grapesodaitem.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Grape Soda
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.grapeyogurtitem.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Grape Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.gravyitem.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Gravy
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.greenheartfishitem.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Green Heart Fish
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.grilledasparagusitem.*                # (default: true) EXIST Grilled Asparagus
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.grilledcheeseitem.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Grilled Cheese
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.grilledeggplantitem.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Grilled Eggplant
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.grilledmushroomitem.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Grilled Mushroom
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.grilledskewersitem.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Grilled Skewer
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.groundcinnamonitem.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Ground Cinnamon
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.groundnutmegitem.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Ground Nutmeg
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.grouperrawitem.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Raw Grouper
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.grubitem.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Bee Grub
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.guacamoleitem.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Guacamole
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.gummybearsitem.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Gummy Bears
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.hamburgeritem.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Hamburger
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.hamsweetpicklesandwichitem.*          # (default: true) EXIST Ham & Sweet Pickle Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.hardenedleatherbootsitem.*            # (default: true) EXIST Hardened Leather Boots
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.hardenedleatherchestitem.*            # (default: true) EXIST Hardened Leather Chest
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.hardenedleatherhelmitem.*             # (default: true) EXIST Hardened Leather Helm
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.hardenedleatheritem.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Hardened Leather
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.hardenedleatherleggingsitem.*         # (default: true) EXIST Hardened Leather Leggings
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.hashitem.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Hash
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.heartybreakfastitem.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Hearty Breakfast
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.heavycreamitem.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Heavy Cream
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.herbbutterparsnipsitem.*              # (default: true) EXIST Herb Butter Parsnips
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.herringrawitem.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Raw Herring
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.hoisinsauceitem.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Hoisin Sauce
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.homestylelunchitem.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Homestyle Lunch
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.honeybreaditem.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Honey Bread
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.honeybunitem.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Honeybun
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.honeycombchocolatebaritem.*           # (default: true) EXIST Honeycomb Chocolate Bar
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.honeycombitem.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Honeycomb
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.honeyglazedcarrotsitem.*              # (default: true) EXIST Honey Glazed Carrots
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.honeyglazedhamitem.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Honey Glazed Ham
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.honeyitem.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Honey
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.honeylemonlambitem.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Honey Lemon Lamb
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.honeysandwichitem.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Honey Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.honeysoyribsitem.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Honey Soy Ribs
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.hotandsoursoupitem.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Hot and Sour Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.hotchocolateitem.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Hot Chocolate
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.hotdogitem.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Hotdog
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.hotsauceitem.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Hot Sauce
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.hotwingsitem.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Hot Wings
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.hummusitem.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Hummus
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.hushpuppiesitem.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Hushpuppies
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.icecreamitem.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Ice Cream
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.ironbrewitem.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Iron Brew
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.jaffaitem.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Jaffa
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.jamrollitem.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Jam Roll
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.jellybeansitem.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Jellybeans
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.jellydonutitem.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Jelly Donut
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.jellyfishrawitem.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Raw Jellyfish
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.juiceritem.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Juicer
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.ketchupitem.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Ketchup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.keylimepieitem.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Keylime Pie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.kimchiitem.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Kimchi
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.kiwiitem.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Kiwi
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.kiwijellyitem.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Kiwi Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.kiwijellysandwichitem.*               # (default: true) EXIST Kiwi Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.kiwijuiceitem.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Kiwi Juice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.kiwiseeditem.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Kiwi Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.kiwismoothieitem.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Kiwi Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.kiwiyogurtitem.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Kiwi Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.kungpaochickenitem.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Kung Pao Chicken
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.lambbarleysoupitem.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Lamb Barley Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.lambkebabitem.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Lamb Kebab
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.lambwithmintsauceitem.*               # (default: true) EXIST Lamb with Mint Sauce
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.lasagnaitem.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Lasagna
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.lavendershortbreaditem.*              # (default: true) EXIST Lavender Shortbread
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.leafychickensandwichitem.*            # (default: true) EXIST Leafy Chicken Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.leafyfishsandwichitem.*               # (default: true) EXIST Leafy Fish Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.leekbaconsoupitem.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Leek Bacon Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.leekitem.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Leek
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.leekseeditem.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Leek Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.lemonaideitem.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Lemonade
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.lemonbaritem.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Lemon Bar
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.lemonchickenitem.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Lemon Chicken
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.lemondrizzlecakeitem.*                # (default: true) EXIST item.lemondrizzlecakeitem.name
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.lemonitem.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Lemon
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.lemonjellyitem.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Lemon Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.lemonjellysandwichitem.*              # (default: true) EXIST Lemon Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.lemonlimesodaitem.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Lemon-Lime Soda
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.lemonmeringueitem.*                   # (default: true) EXIST item.lemonmeringueitem.name
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.lemonsmoothieitem.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Lemon Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.lemonyogurtitem.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Lemon Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.lettuceitem.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Lettuce
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.lettuceseeditem.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Lettuce Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.limeitem.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Lime
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.limejellyitem.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Lime Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.limejellysandwichitem.*               # (default: true) EXIST Lime Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.limejuiceitem.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Lime Juice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.limesmoothieitem.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Lime Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.limeyogurtitem.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Lime Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.loadedbakedpotatoitem.*               # (default: true) EXIST Loaded Baked Potato
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mangochutneyitem.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Mango Chutney
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mangoitem.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Mango
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mangojellyitem.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Mango Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mangojellysandwichitem.*              # (default: true) EXIST Mango Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mangojuiceitem.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Mango Juice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mangosmoothieitem.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Mango Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mangoyogurtitem.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Mango Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.manjuuitem.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Manjū
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.maplecandiedbaconitem.*               # (default: true) EXIST Maple Candied Bacon
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mapleoatmealitem.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Maple Oatmeal
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.maplesausageitem.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Maple Sausage
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.maplesyrupitem.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Maple Syrup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.maplesyruppancakesitem.*              # (default: true) EXIST Maple Syrup Pancakes
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.maplesyrupwafflesitem.*               # (default: true) EXIST Maple Syrup Waffles
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.marinatedcucumbersitem.*              # (default: true) EXIST Marinated Cucumbers
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.marshmellowsitem.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Marshmallows
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.marzipanitem.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Marzipan
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mashedpotatoesitem.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Mashed Potatoes
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mashedsweetpotatoesitem.*             # (default: true) EXIST Mashed Sweet Potatoes
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mayoitem.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Mayo
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mcpamitem.*                           # (default: true) EXIST McPam
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.meatfeastpizzaitem.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Meat Feast Pizza
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.meatloafitem.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Meatloaf
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.meatpieitem.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Meat Pie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.meatystewitem.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Meaty Stew
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.melonjuiceitem.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Melon Juice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.melonsmoothieitem.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Melon Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.melonyogurtitem.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Melon Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mincepieitem.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Mince Pie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mintchocolatechipicecreamitem.*       # (default: true) EXIST Mint Chocolate Chip Ice Cream
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mixedsaladitem.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Mixed Salad
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mixingbowlitem.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Mixing Bowl
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mochaicecreamitem.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Mocha Ice Cream
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mochiitem.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Mochi
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.montecristosandwichitem.*             # (default: true) EXIST Monte Cristo Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mortarandpestleitem.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Mortar and Pestle
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mudfishrawitem.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Raw Mudfish
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.museliitem.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Muesli
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mushroomlasagnaitem.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Mushroom Lasagna
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mushroomrisottoitem.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Mushroom Risotto
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.musselcookeditem.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Mussel
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.musselrawitem.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Raw Mussel
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mustarditem.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Mustard
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mustardseeditem.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Mustard Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.mustardseedsitem.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Mustard Seeds
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.naanitem.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Naan
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.nachoesitem.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Nachos
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.neapolitanicecreamitem.*              # (default: true) EXIST Neapolitan Ice Cream
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.netherwingsitem.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Nether Wings
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.noodlesitem.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Noodles
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.nutellaitem.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Nutella
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.nutmegitem.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Nutmeg
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.oatsitem.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Oats
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.oatsseeditem.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Oats Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.octopuscookeditem.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Octopus
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.octopusrawitem.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Raw Octopus
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.okrachipsitem.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Okra Chips
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.okracreoleitem.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Okra Creole
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.okraitem.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Okra
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.okraseeditem.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Okra Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.oldworldveggiesoupitem.*              # (default: true) EXIST Old World Veggie Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.oliveitem.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Olive
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.oliveoilitem.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Cooking Oil
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.omeletitem.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Omelet
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.onionhamburgeritem.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Onion Hamburger
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.onionitem.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Onion
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.onionseeditem.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Onion Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.onionsoupitem.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Onion Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.orangechickenitem.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Orange Chicken
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.orangeitem.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Orange
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.orangejellyitem.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Orange Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.orangejellysandwichitem.*             # (default: true) EXIST Orange Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.orangejuiceitem.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Orange Juice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.orangesmoothieitem.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Orange Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.orangesodaitem.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Orange Soda
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.orangeyogurtitem.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Orange Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.ovenroastedcaulifloweritem.*          # (default: true) EXIST Oven Roasted Cauliflower
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pancakesitem.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Pancakes
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.paneeritem.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Paneer
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.paneertikkamasalaitem.*               # (default: true) EXIST Paneer Tikka Masala
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.papayaitem.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Papaya
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.papayajellyitem.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Papaya Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.papayajellysandwichitem.*             # (default: true) EXIST Papaya Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.papayajuiceitem.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Papaya Juice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.papayasmoothieitem.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Papaya Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.papayayogurtitem.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Papaya Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.parsnipitem.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Parsnip
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.parsnipseeditem.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Parsnip Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pastaitem.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Pasta
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.patreonpieitem.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Patreon Pie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pbandjitem.*                          # (default: true) EXIST PB&J
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.peaandhamsoupitem.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Pea and Ham Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.peachcobbleritem.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Peach Cobbler
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.peachesandcreamoatmealitem.*          # (default: true) EXIST Peaches and Cream Oatmeal
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.peachitem.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Peach
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.peachjellyitem.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Peach Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.peachjellysandwichitem.*              # (default: true) EXIST Peach Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.peachjuiceitem.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Peach Juice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.peachsmoothieitem.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Peach Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.peachyogurtitem.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Peach Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.peanutbuttercookiesitem.*             # (default: true) EXIST Peanut Butter Cookies
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.peanutbutteritem.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Peanut Butter
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.peanutitem.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Peanut
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.peanutseeditem.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Peanut Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pearitem.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Pear
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pearjellyitem.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Pear Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pearjellysandwichitem.*               # (default: true) EXIST Pear Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pearjuiceitem.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Pear Juice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pearsmoothieitem.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Pear Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pearyogurtitem.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Pear Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.peasandceleryitem.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Peas and Celery
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.peasitem.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Peas
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.peasseeditem.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Peas Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pecanitem.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Pecan
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pecanpieitem.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Pecan Pie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.peppercornitem.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Peppercorn
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.peppermintitem.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Peppermint
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pepperoniitem.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Pepperoni
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.perchrawitem.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Raw Perch
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.persimmonitem.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Persimmon
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.persimmonjellyitem.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Persimmon Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.persimmonjellysandwichitem.*          # (default: true) EXIST Persimmon Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.persimmonjuiceitem.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Persimmon Juice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.persimmonsmoothieitem.*               # (default: true) EXIST Persimmon Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.persimmonyogurtitem.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Persimmon Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pickledbeetsitem.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Pickled Beets
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pickledonionsitem.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Pickled Onions
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.picklesitem.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Pickles
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pinacoladaitem.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Pinacolada
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pineapplehamitem.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Pineapple Ham
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pineappleitem.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Pineapple
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pineappleseeditem.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Pineapple Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pineappleyogurtitem.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Pineapple Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pistachiobakedsalmonitem.*            # (default: true) EXIST Pistachio Baked Salmon
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pistachiobutteritem.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Pistachio Butter
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pistachioicecreamitem.*               # (default: true) EXIST Pistachio Ice Cream
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pistachioitem.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Pistachio
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pizzaitem.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Pizza
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pizzasoupitem.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Pizza Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.plainyogurtitem.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Plain Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.ploughmanslunchitem.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Ploughman's Lunch
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.plumitem.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Plum
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.plumjellyitem.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Plum Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.plumjellysandwichitem.*               # (default: true) EXIST Plum Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.plumjuiceitem.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Plum Juice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.plumsmoothieitem.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Plum Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.plumyogurtitem.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Plum Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.poachedpearitem.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Poached Pear
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pomegranateitem.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Pomegranate
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pomegranatejellyitem.*                # (default: true) EXIST Pomegranate Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pomegranatejellysandwichitem.*        # (default: true) EXIST Pomegranate Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pomegranatejuiceitem.*                # (default: true) EXIST Pomegranate Juice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pomegranatesmoothieitem.*             # (default: true) EXIST Pomegranate Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pomegranateyogurtitem.*               # (default: true) EXIST Pomegranate Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.popcornitem.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Popcorn
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.porklettucewrapitem.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Pork Lettuce Wrap
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.porklomeinitem.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Pork Lo Mein
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.porksausageitem.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Pork Sausage
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.potatoandcheesepirogiitem.*           # (default: true) EXIST Potato and Cheese Pierogi
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.potatoandleeksoupitem.*               # (default: true) EXIST Potato and Leek Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.potatocakesitem.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Potato Cakes
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.potatosaladitem.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Potato Salad
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.potatosoupitem.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Potato Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.potitem.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Pot
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.potroastitem.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Pot Roast
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.poutineitem.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Poutine
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.powdereddonutitem.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Powdered Donut
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pralinesitem.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Pralines
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pumpkinbreaditem.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Pumpkin Bread
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pumpkinmuffinitem.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Pumpkin Muffin
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pumpkinoatsconesitem.*                # (default: true) EXIST Pumpkin Oat Scones
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pumpkinsoupitem.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Pumpkin Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.pumpkinyogurtitem.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Pumpkin Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.queenbeeitem.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Queen Bee
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.radishitem.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Radish
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.radishseeditem.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Radish Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.rainbowcurryitem.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Rainbow Curry
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.raisincookiesitem.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Raisin Cookies
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.raisinsitem.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Raisins
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.randomtacoitem.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Random Taco
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.raspberryicedteaitem.*                # (default: true) EXIST Raspberry Iced Tea
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.raspberryitem.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Raspberry
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.raspberryjellyitem.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Raspberry Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.raspberryjellysandwichitem.*          # (default: true) EXIST Raspberry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.raspberryjuiceitem.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Raspberry Juice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.raspberrypieitem.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Raspberry Pie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.raspberryseeditem.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Raspberry Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.raspberrysmoothieitem.*               # (default: true) EXIST Raspberry Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.raspberrytrifleitem.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Raspberry Trifle
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.raspberryyogurtitem.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Raspberry Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.rawtofabbititem.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Raw Tofabbit
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.rawtofaconitem.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Raw Tofacon
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.rawtofeakitem.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Raw Tofeak
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.rawtofeegitem.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Raw Tofeeg
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.rawtofenisonitem.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Raw Tofenison
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.rawtofickenitem.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Raw Toficken
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.rawtofishitem.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Raw Tofish
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.rawtofurkeyitem.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Raw Tofurkey
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.rawtofuttonitem.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Raw Tofutton
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.refriedbeansitem.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Refried Beans
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.rhubarbitem.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Rhubarb
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.rhubarbseeditem.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Rhubarb Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.ricecakeitem.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Rice Cake
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.riceitem.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Rice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.riceseeditem.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Rice Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.ricesoupitem.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Rice Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.roastchickenitem.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Roast Chicken
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.roastedchestnutitem.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Roasted Chestnut
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.roastedpumpkinseedsitem.*             # (default: true) EXIST Roasted Pumpkin Seeds
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.roastedrootveggiemedleyitem.*         # (default: true) EXIST Roasted Root Veggie Medley
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.roastpotatoesitem.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Roast Potatoes
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.rootbeersodaitem.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Root Beer
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.royaljellyitem.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Royal Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.rutabagaitem.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Rutabaga
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.rutabagaseeditem.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Rutabaga Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.ryeitem.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Rye
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.ryeseeditem.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Rye Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.saladdressingitem.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Salad Dressing
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.salmonpattiesitem.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Salmon Patties
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.salsaitem.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Salsa
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.saltedsunflowerseedsitem.*            # (default: true) EXIST Salted Sunflower Seeds
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.saltitem.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Salt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.sardinerawitem.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Raw Sardine
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.sardinesinhotsauceitem.*              # (default: true) EXIST Sardines in Hot Sauce
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.saucepanitem.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Saucepan
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.sausageinbreaditem.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Sausage in Bread
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.sausageitem.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Sausage
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.sausagerollitem.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Sausage Roll
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.scallionbakedpotatoitem.*             # (default: true) EXIST Scallion Baked Potato
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.scallionitem.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Scallion
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.scallionseeditem.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Scallion Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.scallopcookeditem.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Scallop
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.scalloprawitem.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Raw Scallop
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.scrambledeggitem.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Scrambled Egg
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.seaweeditem.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Seaweed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.seaweedseeditem.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Seaweed Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.seedsoupitem.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Seed Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.sesameballitem.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Sesame Ball
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.sesameoilitem.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Sesame Oil
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.sesameseedsitem.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Sesame Seeds
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.sesameseedsseeditem.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Sesame Seeds Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.sesamesnapsitem.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Sesame Snaps
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.shepardspieitem.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Shepherd's Pie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.shrimpcookeditem.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Shrimp
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.shrimpokrahushpuppiesitem.*           # (default: true) EXIST Shrimp Pork Okra Hushpuppies
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.shrimprawitem.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Raw Shrimp
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.silkentofuitem.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Silken Tofu
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.skilletitem.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Skillet
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.snailcookeditem.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Snail
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.snailrawitem.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Raw Snail
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.snapperrawitem.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Raw Snapper
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.snickersbaritem.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Snickers Bar
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.softpretzelandmustarditem.*           # (default: true) EXIST Soft Pretzel and Mustard
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.softpretzelitem.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Soft Pretzel
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.soybeanitem.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Soybean
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.soybeanseeditem.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Soybean Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.soymilkitem.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Soy Milk
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.soysauceitem.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Soy Sauce
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.spagettiandmeatballsitem.*            # (default: true) EXIST Spaghetti and Meatballs
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.spagettiitem.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Spaghetti
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.spicebunitem.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Spice Bun
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.spiceleafitem.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Spice Leaf
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.spiceleafseeditem.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Spice Leaf Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.spicygreensitem.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Spicy Greens
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.spicymustardporkitem.*                # (default: true) EXIST Spicy Mustard Pork
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.spidereyesoupitem.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Spider Eye Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.spinachitem.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Spinach
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.spinachpieitem.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Spinach Pie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.spinachseeditem.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Spinach Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.splitpeasoupitem.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Split Pea Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.springsaladitem.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Spring Salad
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.spumoniicecreamitem.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Spumoni Ice Cream
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.starfruititem.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Starfruit
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.starfruitjellyitem.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Starfruit Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.starfruitjellysandwichitem.*          # (default: true) EXIST Starfruit Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.starfruitjuiceitem.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Starfruit Juice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.starfruitsmoothieitem.*               # (default: true) EXIST Starfruit Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.starfruityogurtitem.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Starfruit Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.steakandchipsitem.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Steak and Chips
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.steamedpeasitem.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Steamed Peas
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.steamedspinachitem.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Steamed Spinach
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.stockitem.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Stock
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.strawberryicecreamitem.*              # (default: true) EXIST Strawberry Ice Cream
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.strawberryitem.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Strawberry
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.strawberryjellyitem.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Strawberry Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.strawberryjellysandwichitem.*         # (default: true) EXIST Strawberry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.strawberryjuiceitem.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Strawberry Juice
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.strawberrymilkshakeitem.*             # (default: true) EXIST Strawberry Milkshake
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.strawberrypieitem.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Strawberry Pie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.strawberrysaladitem.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Strawberry Salad
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.strawberryseeditem.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Strawberry Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.strawberrysmoothieitem.*              # (default: true) EXIST Strawberry Smoothie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.strawberrysodaitem.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Strawberry Soda
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.strawberryyogurtitem.*                # (default: true) EXIST Strawberry Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.stuffedeggplantitem.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Stuffed Eggplant
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.stuffedmushroomitem.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Stuffed Mushroom
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.stuffedpepperitem.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Stuffed Pepper
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.suaderoitem.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Suadero
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.summerradishsaladitem.*               # (default: true) EXIST Summer Radish Salad
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.summersquashwithradishitem.*          # (default: true) EXIST Summer Squash with Radish
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.sundayroastitem.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Sunday Roast
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.sunflowerbroccolisaladitem.*          # (default: true) EXIST Sunflower Broccoli Salad
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.sunflowerseedsitem.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Sunflower Seeds
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.sunflowerwheatrollsitem.*             # (default: true) EXIST Sunflower Wheat Rolls
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.supremepizzaitem.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Supreme Pizza
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.sushiitem.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Sushi
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.sweetandsourchickenitem.*             # (default: true) EXIST Sweet and Sour Chicken
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.sweetandsoursauceitem.*               # (default: true) EXIST Sweet and Sour Sauce
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.sweetpickleitem.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Sweet Pickle
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.sweetpotatoitem.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Sweet Potato
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.sweetpotatopieitem.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Sweet Potato Pie
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.sweetpotatoseeditem.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Sweet Potato Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.sweetpotatosouffleitem.*              # (default: true) EXIST Sweet Potato Souffle
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.sweetteaitem.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Sweet Tea
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.tacoitem.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Taco
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.taffyitem.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Taffy
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.teaitem.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Cup of Tea
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.tealeafitem.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Tea Leaf
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.teaseeditem.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Tea Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.teriyakichickenitem.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Teriyaki Chicken
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.tilapiarawitem.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Raw Tilapia
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.timtamitem.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Tim Tam
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.toadintheholeitem.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Toad in the Hole
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.toastedcoconutitem.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Toasted Coconut
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.toastedsesameseedsitem.*              # (default: true) EXIST Toasted Sesame Seeds
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.toastedwesternitem.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Toasted Western
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.toastitem.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Toast
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.toastsandwichitem.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Toast Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.tomatoitem.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Tomato
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.tomatoseeditem.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Tomato Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.tomatosoupitem.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Tomato Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.tortillaitem.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Tortilla
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.trailmixitem.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Trail Mix
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.troutrawitem.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Raw Trout
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.tunapotatoitem.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Tuna Potato
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.tunarawitem.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Raw Tuna
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.turkeycookeditem.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Turkey
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.turkeyrawitem.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Raw Turkey
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.turkishdelightitem.*                  # (default: true) EXIST Turkish Delight
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.turnipitem.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Turnip
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.turnipseeditem.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Turnip Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.turnipsoupitem.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Turnip Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.turtlecookeditem.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Turtle
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.turtlerawitem.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Raw Turtle
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.vanillabeanitem.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Vanilla Bean
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.vanillaicecreamitem.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Vanilla Ice Cream
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.vanillaitem.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Vanilla
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.vanillayogurtitem.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Vanilla Yogurt
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.vegemiteitem.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Vegemite
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.vegemiteontoastitem.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Vegemite on Toast
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.vegetablesoupitem.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Vegetable Soup
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.vegetarianlettucewrapitem.*           # (default: true) EXIST Vegetarian Lettuce Wrap
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.veggiebaititem.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Veggie Bait
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.veggiestirfryitem.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Veggie Stirfry
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.veggiestripsitem.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Veggie Strips
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.venisoncookeditem.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Venison
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.venisonrawitem.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Raw Venison
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.vindalooitem.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Vindaloo
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.vinegaritem.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Vinegar
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.wafflesitem.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Waffles
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.walleyerawitem.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Raw Walleye
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.walnutitem.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Walnut
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.walnutraisinbreaditem.*               # (default: true) EXIST Walnut Raisin Bread
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.waterchestnutitem.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Water Chestnut
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.waterchestnutseeditem.*               # (default: true) EXIST Water Chestnut Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.watermelonjellyitem.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Watermelon Jelly
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.watermelonjellysandwichitem.*         # (default: true) EXIST Watermelon Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.waxcombitem.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Waxcomb
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.whitemushroomitem.*                   # (default: true) EXIST White Mushroom
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.whitemushroomseeditem.*               # (default: true) EXIST White Mushroom Spore
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.wintersquashitem.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Winter Squash
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.wintersquashseeditem.*                # (default: true) EXIST Winter Squash Seed
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.wovencottonitem.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Woven Cotton
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.yorkshirepuddingitem.*                # (default: true) EXIST Yorkshire Pudding
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.zeppoleitem.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Zeppole
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.zestyzucchiniitem.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Zesty Zucchini
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.zombiejerkyitem.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Zombie Jerky
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.zucchinibakeitem.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Zucchini Bake
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.zucchinibreaditem.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Zucchini Bread
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.zucchinifriesitem.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Zucchini Fries
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.zucchiniitem.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Zucchini
fe.protection.exist.harvestcraft.zucchiniseeditem.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Zucchini Seed
fe.protection.exist.itemblacklist.blacklisted.*                        # (default: true) EXIST _ERROR_.name
fe.protection.exist.justcoins.coin_sack.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Coin Sack
fe.protection.exist.justcoins.copper_coin.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Copper Coin
fe.protection.exist.justcoins.gold_coin.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Gold Coin
fe.protection.exist.justcoins.silver_coin.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Silver Coin
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.acacia_boat.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Acacia Boat
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.acacia_door.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Acacia Door
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.apple.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Apple
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.armor_stand.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Armor Stand
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.arrow.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Arrow
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.baked_potato.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Baked Potato
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.bed.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Bed
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.beef.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Raw Beef
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.beetroot.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Beetroot
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.beetroot_seeds.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Beetroot Seeds
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.beetroot_soup.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Beetroot Soup
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.birch_boat.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Birch Boat
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.birch_door.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Birch Door
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.blaze_powder.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Blaze Powder
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.blaze_rod.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Blaze Rod
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.boat.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Oak Boat
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.bone.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Bone
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.book.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Book
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.bow.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Bow
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.bowl.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Bowl
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.bread.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Bread
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Brewing Stand
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.brick.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Brick
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.bucket.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.cake.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Cake
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.carrot.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Carrot
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.carrot_on_a_stick.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Carrot on a Stick
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.cauldron.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Cauldron
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.chainmail_boots.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Chain Boots
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.chainmail_chestplate.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Chain Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.chainmail_helmet.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Chain Helmet
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.chainmail_leggings.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Chain Leggings
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.chest_minecart.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Minecart with Chest
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.chicken.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Raw Chicken
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.chorus_fruit.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Chorus Fruit
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.chorus_fruit_popped.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Popped Chorus Fruit
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.clay_ball.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Clay
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.clock.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Clock
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.coal.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Coal
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.command_block_minecart.*                 # (default: true) EXIST Minecart with Command Block
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.comparator.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Redstone Comparator
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.compass.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Compass
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.cooked_beef.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Steak
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.cooked_chicken.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Chicken
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.cooked_fish.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Fish
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.cooked_mutton.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Mutton
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.cooked_porkchop.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Porkchop
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.cooked_rabbit.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Cooked Rabbit
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.cookie.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Cookie
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.dark_oak_boat.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Dark Oak Boat
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.dark_oak_door.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Dark Oak Door
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Diamond
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_axe.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Axe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_boots.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Boots
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_chestplate.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_helmet.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Helmet
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_hoe.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Hoe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_horse_armor.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Horse Armor
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_leggings.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Leggings
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_pickaxe.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_shovel.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Shovel
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.diamond_sword.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Diamond Sword
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.dragon_breath.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Dragon's Breath
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.dye.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Ink Sac
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.egg.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Egg
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.elytra.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Elytra
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.emerald.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Emerald
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.enchanted_book.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Enchanted Book
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.end_crystal.*                            # (default: true) EXIST End Crystal
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.ender_eye.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Eye of Ender
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.ender_pearl.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Ender Pearl
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.experience_bottle.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Bottle o' Enchanting
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.feather.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Feather
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.fermented_spider_eye.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Fermented Spider Eye
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.filled_map.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Map
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.fire_charge.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Fire Charge
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.firework_charge.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Firework Star
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.fireworks.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Firework Rocket
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.fish.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Raw Fish
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.fishing_rod.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Fishing Rod
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.flint.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Flint
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.flint_and_steel.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Flint and Steel
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.flower_pot.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Flower Pot
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.furnace_minecart.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Minecart with Furnace
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.ghast_tear.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Ghast Tear
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.glass_bottle.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Glass Bottle
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.glowstone_dust.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Glowstone Dust
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.gold_ingot.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Gold Ingot
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.gold_nugget.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Gold Nugget
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_apple.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Golden Apple
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_axe.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Golden Axe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_boots.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Golden Boots
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_carrot.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Golden Carrot
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_chestplate.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Golden Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_helmet.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Golden Helmet
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_hoe.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Golden Hoe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_horse_armor.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Gold Horse Armor
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_leggings.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Golden Leggings
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_pickaxe.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Golden Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_shovel.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Golden Shovel
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.golden_sword.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Golden Sword
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.gunpowder.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Gunpowder
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.hopper_minecart.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Minecart with Hopper
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_axe.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Iron Axe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_boots.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Iron Boots
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_chestplate.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Iron Chestplate
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_door.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Iron Door
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_helmet.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Iron Helmet
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_hoe.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Iron Hoe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_horse_armor.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Iron Horse Armor
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_ingot.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Iron Ingot
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_leggings.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Iron Leggings
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_pickaxe.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Iron Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_shovel.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Iron Shovel
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.iron_sword.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Iron Sword
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.item_frame.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Item Frame
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.jungle_boat.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Jungle Boat
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.jungle_door.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Jungle Door
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.lava_bucket.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Lava Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.lead.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Lead
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.leather.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Leather
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.leather_boots.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Leather Boots
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.leather_chestplate.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Leather Tunic
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.leather_helmet.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Leather Cap
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.leather_leggings.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Leather Pants
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.lingering_potion.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Lingering Water Bottle
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.magma_cream.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Magma Cream
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.map.*                                    # (default: true) EXIST Empty Map
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.melon.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Melon
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.melon_seeds.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Melon Seeds
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.milk_bucket.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Milk
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.minecart.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Minecart
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.mushroom_stew.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Mushroom Stew
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.mutton.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Raw Mutton
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.name_tag.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Name Tag
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.nether_star.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Nether Star
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.nether_wart.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Nether Wart
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.netherbrick.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Nether Brick
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.painting.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Painting
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.paper.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Paper
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.poisonous_potato.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Poisonous Potato
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.porkchop.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Raw Porkchop
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.potato.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Potato
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.potion.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Water Bottle
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.prismarine_crystals.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Prismarine Crystals
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.prismarine_shard.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Prismarine Shard
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.pumpkin_pie.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Pumpkin Pie
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.pumpkin_seeds.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Pumpkin Seeds
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.quartz.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Nether Quartz
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.rabbit.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Raw Rabbit
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.rabbit_foot.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Rabbit's Foot
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.rabbit_hide.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Rabbit Hide
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.rabbit_stew.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Rabbit Stew
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_11.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_13.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_blocks.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_cat.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_chirp.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_far.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_mall.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_mellohi.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_stal.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_strad.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_wait.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.record_ward.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Music Disc
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.redstone.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Redstone
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.reeds.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Sugar Canes
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.repeater.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.rotten_flesh.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Rotten Flesh
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.saddle.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Saddle
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.shears.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Shears
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.shield.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Shield
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.sign.*                                   # (default: true) EXIST Sign
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.skull.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Skeleton Skull
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.slime_ball.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Slimeball
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.snowball.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Snowball
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.spawn_egg.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Spawn
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.speckled_melon.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Glistering Melon
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.spectral_arrow.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Spectral Arrow
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.spider_eye.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Spider Eye
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.splash_potion.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Splash Water Bottle
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.spruce_boat.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Spruce Boat
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.spruce_door.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Spruce Door
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.stick.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Stick
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.stone_axe.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Stone Axe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.stone_hoe.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Stone Hoe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.stone_pickaxe.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Stone Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.stone_shovel.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Stone Shovel
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.stone_sword.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Stone Sword
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.string.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST String
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.sugar.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Sugar
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.tipped_arrow.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Arrow of Splashing
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.tnt_minecart.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Minecart with TNT
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.water_bucket.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Water Bucket
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.wheat.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Wheat
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.wheat_seeds.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Seeds
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.wooden_axe.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Axe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.wooden_door.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Oak Door
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.wooden_hoe.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Hoe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.wooden_pickaxe.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.wooden_shovel.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Shovel
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.wooden_sword.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Wooden Sword
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.writable_book.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Book and Quill
fe.protection.exist.minecraft.written_book.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Written Book
fe.protection.exist.storagedrawers.drawerKey.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Drawer Key
fe.protection.exist.storagedrawers.personalKey.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Personal Key
fe.protection.exist.storagedrawers.quantify_key.*                      # (default: true) EXIST Quantify Key
fe.protection.exist.storagedrawers.shroudKey.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Concealment Key
fe.protection.exist.storagedrawers.tape.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Packing Tape
fe.protection.exist.storagedrawers.upgradeCreative.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Creative Storage Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.storagedrawers.upgradeOneStack.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Storage Downgrade
fe.protection.exist.storagedrawers.upgradeRedstone.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Redstone Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.storagedrawers.upgradeStatus.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Status Upgrade (I)
fe.protection.exist.storagedrawers.upgradeStorage.*                    # (default: true) EXIST Storage Upgrade (I)
fe.protection.exist.storagedrawers.upgradeTemplate.*                   # (default: true) EXIST Upgrade Template
fe.protection.exist.storagedrawers.upgradeVoid.*                       # (default: true) EXIST Void Upgrade
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.arrow.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Arrow
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.arrow_head.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Arrow Head
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.arrow_shaft.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Arrow Shaft
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.axe_head.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Axe Head
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.battlesign.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Battlesign
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.binding.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Binding
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.bolt.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Bolt
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.bolt_core.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Bolt Core
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.book.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Materials and You
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.bow_limb.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Bowlimb
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.bow_string.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Bowstring
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.broad_axe_head.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Broad Axe Head
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.broadsword.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Broadsword
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.cast.*                                  # (default: true) EXIST Blank Cast
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.cast_custom.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Ingot Cast
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.clay_cast.*                             # (default: true) EXIST item.tconstruct.clay_cast.blank
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.cleaver.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Cleaver
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.cross_guard.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Cross Guard
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.crossbow.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Crossbow
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.edible.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Bacon
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.excavator.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Excavator
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.excavator_head.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Excavator Head
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.fancy_frame.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Fancy Item Frame
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.fletching.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Fletching
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.frypan.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Frypan
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.hammer.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Hammer
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.hammer_head.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Hammer Head
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.hand_guard.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Hand Guard
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.hatchet.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Hatchet
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.ingots.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Cobalt Ingot
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.knife_blade.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Knife Blade
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.large_plate.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Large Plate
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.large_sword_blade.*                     # (default: true) EXIST Large Sword Blade
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.longbow.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Longbow
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.longsword.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Longsword
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.lumberaxe.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Lumberaxe
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.materials.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Seared Brick
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.mattock.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Mattock
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.moms_spaghetti.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Mom's Spaghetti
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.nuggets.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Cobalt Nugget
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.pan_head.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Pan
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.pattern.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Blank Pattern
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.pick_head.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Pickaxe Head
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.pickaxe.*                               # (default: true) EXIST Pickaxe
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.piggybackpack.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Piggybackpack
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.rapier.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Rapier
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.scythe.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Scythe
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.scythe_head.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Scythe Head
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.shard.*                                 # (default: true) EXIST Shard
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.sharpening_kit.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Sharpening Kit
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.shortbow.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Shortbow
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.shovel.*                                # (default: true) EXIST Shovel
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.shovel_head.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Shovel Head
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.shuriken.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Shuriken
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.sign_head.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Sign Plate
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.slime_boots.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Slime Boots
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.slimesling.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Slimesling
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.spaghetti.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Impossibly Hard Wheat Sticks
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.stone_stick.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Stone Rod
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.sword_blade.*                           # (default: true) EXIST Sword Blade
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.throwball.*                             # (default: true) EXIST Glowball
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.tool_rod.*                              # (default: true) EXIST Tool Rod
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.tough_binding.*                         # (default: true) EXIST Tough Binding
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.tough_tool_rod.*                        # (default: true) EXIST Tough Tool Rod
fe.protection.exist.tconstruct.wide_guard.*                            # (default: true) EXIST Wide Guard
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.alkahestry_tome.*                       # (default: true) EXIST item.alkahestry_tome.name
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.angelheart_vial.*                       # (default: true) EXIST item.angelheart_vial.name
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.angelic_feather.*                       # (default: true) EXIST item.angelic_feather.name
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.attraction_potion.*                     # (default: true) EXIST item.attraction_potion.name
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.bullet.*                                # (default: true) EXIST item.bullet_0.name
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.destruction_catalyst.*                  # (default: true) EXIST item.destruction_catalyst.name
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.emperor_chalice.*                       # (default: true) EXIST item.emperor_chalice.name
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.ender_staff.*                           # (default: true) EXIST item.ender_staff.name
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.fertile_potion.*                        # (default: true) EXIST item.fertile_potion.name
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.fortune_coin.*                          # (default: true) EXIST item.fortune_coin.name
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.glacial_staff.*                         # (default: true) EXIST item.glacial_staff.name
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.glowing_bread.*                         # (default: true) EXIST item.glowing_bread.name
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.glowing_water.*                         # (default: true) EXIST item.glowing_water.name
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.gun_part.*                              # (default: true) EXIST item.gun_part_0.name
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.handgun.*                               # (default: true) EXIST item.handgun.name
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.harvest_rod.*                           # (default: true) EXIST item.harvest_rod.name
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.heart_zhu.*                             # (default: true) EXIST item.heart_zhu_0.name
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.hero_medallion.*                        # (default: true) EXIST item.hero_medallion.name
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.holy_hand_grenade.*                     # (default: true) EXIST item.holy_hand_grenade.name
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.ice_magus_rod.*                         # (default: true) EXIST item.ice_magus_rod.name
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.infernal_chalice.*                      # (default: true) EXIST item.infernal_chalice.name
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.infernal_claws.*                        # (default: true) EXIST item.infernal_claws.name
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.infernal_tear.*                         # (default: true) EXIST item.infernal_tear.name
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.kraken_shell.*                          # (default: true) EXIST item.kraken_shell.name
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.lantern_of_paranoia.*                   # (default: true) EXIST item.lantern_of_paranoia.name
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.magazine.*                              # (default: true) EXIST item.magazine_0.name
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.magicbane.*                             # (default: true) EXIST item.magicbane.name
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.mercy_cross.*                           # (default: true) EXIST item.mercy_cross.name
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.midas_touchstone.*                      # (default: true) EXIST item.midas_touchstone.name
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.mob_charm.*                             # (default: true) EXIST item.mob_charm_-1.name
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.mob_charm_belt.*                        # (default: true) EXIST item.mob_charm_belt.name
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.mob_charm_fragment.*                    # (default: true) EXIST item.mob_charm_fragment_0.name
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.mob_ingredient.*                        # (default: true) EXIST item.mob_ingredient_0.name
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.phoenix_down.*                          # (default: true) EXIST item.phoenix_down.name
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.potion.*                                # (default: true) EXIST item.potion_empty.name
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.potion_essence.*                        # (default: true) EXIST item.potion_essence.name
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.pyromancer_staff.*                      # (default: true) EXIST item.pyromancer_staff.name
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.rending_gale.*                          # (default: true) EXIST item.rending_gale.name
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.rod_of_lyssa.*                          # (default: true) EXIST item.rod_of_lyssa.name
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.salamander_eye.*                        # (default: true) EXIST item.salamander_eye.name
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.serpent_staff.*                         # (default: true) EXIST item.serpent_staff.name
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.shears_of_winter.*                      # (default: true) EXIST item.shears_of_winter.name
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.sojourner_staff.*                       # (default: true) EXIST item.sojourner_staff.name
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.tipped_arrow.*                          # (default: true) EXIST Tipped Arrow
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.twilight_cloak.*                        # (default: true) EXIST item.twilight_cloak.name
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.void_tear.*                             # (default: true) EXIST item.void_tear.name
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.void_tear_empty.*                       # (default: true) EXIST item.void_tear_empty.name
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.witch_hat.*                             # (default: true) EXIST item.witch_hat.name
fe.protection.exist.xreliquary.witherless_rose.*                       # (default: true) EXIST item.witherless_rose.name
fe.protection.inventory.*                                              # (default: true) Allow having item in inventory. Item will be dropped if not allowed.
fe.protection.inventory.agricraft.agri_nugget.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Emerald Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.agricraft.agri_seed.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Aurigold Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.agricraft.clipper.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Clipper
fe.protection.inventory.agricraft.clipping.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Generic Clipping
fe.protection.inventory.agricraft.crop_sticks.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Crop Sticks
fe.protection.inventory.agricraft.debugger.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Debugger
fe.protection.inventory.agricraft.journal.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Agricultural Journal
fe.protection.inventory.agricraft.magnifying_glass.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Magnifying Glass
fe.protection.inventory.agricraft.rake.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Hand Rake
fe.protection.inventory.agricraft.trowel.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Gardening Trowel
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.ardite_boots.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Ardite Boots
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.ardite_chestplate.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Ardite Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.ardite_helmet.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Ardite Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.ardite_leggings.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Ardite Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.armorplus_book.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY §fArmorPlus Book§r
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.armorplus_info_book.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY §fArmorPlus Info Book§r
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.beam.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Beam§r
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.chainmail.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY §fChainmail§r
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.chicken_boots.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Chicken Boots
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.chicken_chestplate.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Chicken Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.chicken_helmet.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Chicken Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.chicken_leggings.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Chicken Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.coal_arrow.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Coal Arrow
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.coal_battle_axe.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY §7Coal Battle Axe
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.coal_boots.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Coal Boots
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.coal_bow.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY §7Coal Bow
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.coal_chestplate.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Coal Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.coal_helmet.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Coal Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.coal_leggings.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Coal Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.coal_sword.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY §7Coal Sword
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.cobalt_boots.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Cobalt Boots
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.cobalt_chestplate.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Cobalt Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.cobalt_helmet.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Cobalt Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.cobalt_leggings.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Cobalt Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.dev_item.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY NBT Item§r
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.dev_tool.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY §lDev Tool
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.electrical_boots.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY §4Electrical Boots
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.electrical_chestplate.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY §4Electrical Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.electrical_helmet.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY §4Electrical Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.electrical_ingot.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY §fElectrical Ingot§r
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.electrical_leggings.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY §4Electrical Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.emerald_battle_axe.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY §2Emerald Battle Axe
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.emerald_boots.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Emerald Boots
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.emerald_bow.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY §2Emerald Bow
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.emerald_chestplate.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Emerald Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.emerald_helmet.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Emerald Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.emerald_leggings.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Emerald Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.emerald_sword.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY §2Emerald Sword
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.ender_dragon_arrow.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Ender Dragon Arrow
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.ender_dragon_battle_axe.*            # (default: true) INVENTORY §5Ender Dragon Battle Axe
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.ender_dragon_boots.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Ender Dragon Boots
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.ender_dragon_bow.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY §5Ender Dragon Bow
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.ender_dragon_chestplate.*            # (default: true) INVENTORY Ender Dragon Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.ender_dragon_helmet.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Ender Dragon Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.ender_dragon_leggings.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Ender Dragon Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.ender_dragon_scale.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY §5Ender Dragon Scale§r
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.ender_dragon_sword.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY §5Ender Dragon Sword
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.energy_storage.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY §4item.armorplus.energy_storage.name
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.guardian_battle_axe.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY §bGuardian Battle Axe
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.guardian_boots.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Guardian Boots
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.guardian_bow.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY §bGuardian Bow
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.guardian_chestplate.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Guardian Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.guardian_helmet.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Guardian Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.guardian_leggings.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Guardian Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.guardian_scale.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY §bGuardian Scale§r
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.guardian_sword.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY §bGuardian Sword
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.jon_bams.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Jon Bams§r
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.knight_slime_boots.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Knight Slime Boots
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.knight_slime_chestplate.*            # (default: true) INVENTORY Knight Slime Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.knight_slime_helmet.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Knight Slime Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.knight_slime_leggings.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Knight Slime Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.lapis_arrow.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Lapis Arrow
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.lapis_battle_axe.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY §1Lapis Battle Axe
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.lapis_boots.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Lapis Boots
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.lapis_bow.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY §1Lapis Bow
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.lapis_chestplate.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Lapis Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.lapis_helmet.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Lapis Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.lapis_leggings.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Lapis Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.lapis_sword.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY §1Lapis Sword
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.lava_arrow.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Lava Arrow
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.lava_battle_axe.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY §6Lava Battle Axe
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.lava_boots.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Lava Boots
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.lava_bow.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY §6Lava Bow
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.lava_chestplate.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Lava Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.lava_crystal.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Lava Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.lava_helmet.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Lava Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.lava_leggings.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Lava Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.lava_sword.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY §6Lava Sword
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.manyullyn_boots.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Manyullyn Boots
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.manyullyn_chestplate.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Manyullyn Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.manyullyn_helmet.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Manyullyn Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.manyullyn_leggings.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Manyullyn Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.modded_city.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Modded City§r
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.obsidian_battle_axe.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY §8Obsidian Battle Axe
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.obsidian_boots.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Obsidian Boots
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.obsidian_bow.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY §8Obsidian Bow
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.obsidian_chestplate.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Obsidian Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.obsidian_helmet.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Obsidian Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.obsidian_leggings.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Obsidian Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.obsidian_sword.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY §8Obsidian Sword
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.pig_iron_boots.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Pig Iron Boots
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.pig_iron_chestplate.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Pig Iron Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.pig_iron_helmet.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Pig Iron Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.pig_iron_leggings.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Pig Iron Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.redstone_apple.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone Apple
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.redstone_arrow.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone Arrow
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.redstone_battle_axe.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY §4Redstone Battle Axe
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.redstone_boots.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone Boots
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.redstone_bow.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY §4Redstone Bow
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.redstone_chestplate.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.redstone_flux_axe.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY §4Redstone Flux Axe
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.redstone_flux_hoe.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY §4Redstone Flux Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.redstone_flux_pickaxe.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY §4Redstone Flux Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.redstone_flux_rod.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY §4Redstone Flux Rod
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.redstone_flux_shovel.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY §4Redstone Flux Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.redstone_flux_sword.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY §4Redstone Flux Sword
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.redstone_helmet.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.redstone_leggings.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.redstone_sword.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY §4Redstone Sword
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.slime_boots.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Slime Boots
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.slime_chestplate.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Slime Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.slime_helmet.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Slime Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.slime_leggings.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Slime Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.steel_boots.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY §4Steel Boots
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.steel_chestplate.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY §4Steel Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.steel_helmet.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY §4Steel Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.steel_ingot.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY §fSteel Ingot§r
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.steel_leggings.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY §4Steel Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.super_star_battle_axe.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY §fSuper Star Battle Axe
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.super_star_boots.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Super Star Boots
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.super_star_bow.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY §fSuper Star Bow
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.super_star_chestplate.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Super Star Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.super_star_helmet.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Super Star Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.super_star_leggings.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Super Star Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.super_star_sword.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY §fSuper Star Sword
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.tesla_rod.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY §3Tesla Rod
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.the_dragon_team.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY The Dragon Team§r
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.the_gift_of_the_gods.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY §6The Gift Of The Gods
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.the_ultimate_boots_full.*            # (default: true) INVENTORY §aThe Ultimate Boots
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.the_ultimate_boots_left.*            # (default: true) INVENTORY §aThe Ultimate Boots Left
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.the_ultimate_boots_middle.*          # (default: true) INVENTORY §aThe Ultimate Boots Middle
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.the_ultimate_boots_right.*           # (default: true) INVENTORY §aThe Ultimate Boots Right
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.the_ultimate_chestplate_full.*       # (default: true) INVENTORY §aThe Ultimate Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.the_ultimate_chestplate_left.*       # (default: true) INVENTORY §aThe Ultimate Chestplate Left
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.the_ultimate_chestplate_middle.*     # (default: true) INVENTORY §aThe Ultimate Chestplate Middle
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.the_ultimate_chestplate_right.*      # (default: true) INVENTORY §aThe Ultimate Chestplate Right
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.the_ultimate_helmet_full.*           # (default: true) INVENTORY §aThe Ultimate Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.the_ultimate_helmet_left.*           # (default: true) INVENTORY §aThe Ultimate Helmet Left
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.the_ultimate_helmet_middle.*         # (default: true) INVENTORY §aThe Ultimate Helmet Middle
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.the_ultimate_helmet_right.*          # (default: true) INVENTORY §aThe Ultimate Helmet Right
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.the_ultimate_leggings_full.*         # (default: true) INVENTORY §aThe Ultimate Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.the_ultimate_leggings_left.*         # (default: true) INVENTORY §aThe Ultimate Legging Left
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.the_ultimate_leggings_middle.*       # (default: true) INVENTORY §aThe Ultimate Legging Middle
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.the_ultimate_leggings_right.*        # (default: true) INVENTORY §aThe Ultimate Legging Right
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.the_ultimate_material.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY §aThe Ultimate Material§r
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.twitch.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Twitch§r
fe.protection.inventory.armorplus.wither_bone.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY §fWither Bone§r
fe.protection.inventory.aroma1997sdimension.dimensionChanger.*         # (default: true) INVENTORY DimensionChanger
fe.protection.inventory.aroma1997sdimension.portalIgniter.*            # (default: true) INVENTORY Mining Multitool
fe.protection.inventory.backpacks16840.backpack.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.backpacks16840.backpack_pouch.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Backpack Pouch
fe.protection.inventory.backpacks16840.backpack_resizer.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Backpack Resizer
fe.protection.inventory.backpacks16840.backpack_restorer.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Backpack Restorer
fe.protection.inventory.backpacks16840.quantum_backpack.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Quantum Backpack
fe.protection.inventory.backpacks16840.unknown_item.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Unknown Item
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.BiblioCreativeLock.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Lock and Key
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.BiblioRedBook.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone: Volume I
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.BigBook.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Big Writing Book
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.FramingBoard.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Framing Board
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.FramingSaw.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Framing Saw
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.FramingSheet.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Framing Sheet
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.HandDrill.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Hand Drill
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.PlumbLine.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Plumb line
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.RecipeBook.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Empty Recipe Book
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.SlottedBook.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Slotted Book
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.TesterItem.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY ItemStack Name Tester
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.compass.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Compass
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.maptool.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Drafting Compass
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.seatback1.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.seatback2.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.seatback3.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.seatback4.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.inventory.bibliocraft.seatback5.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.inventory.chisel.chisel_diamond.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Chisel
fe.protection.inventory.chisel.chisel_hitech.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY iChisel
fe.protection.inventory.chisel.chisel_iron.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Chisel
fe.protection.inventory.chisel.offsettool.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Ender Offset Wand
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcAirElement.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Air Element
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcAmethyst.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Amethyst
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcAncientCoin.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Ancient Coin
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcAncientScroll.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Ancient Scroll
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcArcaneSpell.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Arcane Spell
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcArtifact.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Artifact
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcAssassinBoots.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Assassins Boots
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcAssassinChest.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Assassins ChestPlate
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcAssassinHead.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Assassins Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcAssassinLeggings.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Assassins Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcBag.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Bag
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcBanditMask.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Bandit Mask
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcBanjo.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Banjo
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcBaseballBat.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Baseball Bat
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcBatton.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Baton
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcBearClaw.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Bear Claw
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcBlackBullet.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Bullet
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcBlueprint.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Blueprint
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcBoStaff.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Bo Staff
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcBrokenArrow.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Broken Arrow
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcBrokenBottle.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Broken Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcBrokenOrb.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY BrokenOrb
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcBronzeBattleAxe.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Battle Axe
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcBronzeBroadsword.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Broadsword
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcBronzeBullet.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Bullet
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcBronzeDagger.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Dagger
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcBronzeGlaive.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Glaive
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcBronzeGun.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Gun
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcBronzeHalberd.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Halberd
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcBronzeIngot.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcBronzeMace.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Mace
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcBronzeReversedDagger.*           # (default: true) INVENTORY Reversed Bronze Dagger
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcBronzeScythe.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Scythe
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcBronzeShield.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Shield
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcBronzeSkirt.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Skirt
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcBronzeSpear.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Spear
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcBronzeStaff.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Staff
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcBronzeSword.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Sword
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcBronzeTrident.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Trident
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcBronzeWarhammer.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Warhammer
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcCarKey.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Car Key
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcChainSkirt.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Chain Skirt
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcChickenSword.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Chicken Sword
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcClarinet.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Clarinet
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcCleaver.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Cleaver
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcCoinBronze.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Bronze Coin
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcCoinDiamond.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Coin
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcCoinEmerald.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Emerald Coin
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcCoinGold.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Coin
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcCoinIron.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Coin
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcCoinStone.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Coin
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcCoinWooden.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Coin
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcCombatKnive.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Combat Knife
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcCommissarBottom.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Commissar Trenchcoat
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcCommissarChest.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Commissar ChestPlate
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcCommissarHead.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Commissar Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcCommissarLegs.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Commissar Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcCowleatherBoots.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Cowleather Boots
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcCowleatherChest.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Cowleather ChestPlate
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcCowleatherHead.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Cowleather Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcCowleatherLegs.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Cowleather Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcCrossBolt.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Crossbow Bolt
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcCrossbow.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Crossbow
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcCrowbar.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Crowbar
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcCrown.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Crown
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcCrown2.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Crown
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcCryscentShield.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Shield
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcCrystal.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcCursedTrident.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Cursed Trident
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcDarkSpell.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Dark Spell
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcDemonicBattleAxe.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Demonic Battle Axe
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcDemonicBoots.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Demonic Boots
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcDemonicBroadsword.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Demonic Broadsword
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcDemonicChest.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Demonic ChestPlate
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcDemonicDagger.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Demonic Dagger
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcDemonicGlaive.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Demonic Glaive
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcDemonicHalberd.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Demonic Halberd
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcDemonicHead.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Demonic Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcDemonicIngot.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Demonic Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcDemonicLegs.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Demonic Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcDemonicMace.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Demonic Mace
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcDemonicReversedDagger.*          # (default: true) INVENTORY Reversed Demonic Dagger
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcDemonicScythe.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Demonic Scythe
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcDemonicShield.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Shield
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcDemonicSkirt.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Demonic Skirt
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcDemonicSpear.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Demonic Spear
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcDemonicStaff.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Demonic Staff
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcDemonicSword.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Demonic Sword
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcDemonicTrident.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Demonic Trident
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcDemonicWarhammer.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Demonic Warhammer
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcDiaShield.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Shield
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcDiamondBattleAxe.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Battle Axe
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcDiamondBroadsword.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Broadsword
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcDiamondBullet.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Bullet
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcDiamondDagger.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Dagger
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcDiamondGlaive.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Glaive
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcDiamondGun.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Gun
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcDiamondHalberd.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Halberd
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcDiamondMace.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Mace
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcDiamondReversedDagger.*          # (default: true) INVENTORY Reversed Diamond Dagger
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcDiamondScythe.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Scythe
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcDiamondSkirt.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Skirt
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcDiamondSpear.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Spear
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcDiamondStaff.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Staff
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcDiamondTrident.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Trident
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcDiamondWarhammer.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Warhammer
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcEarthElement.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Earth Element
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcElementalStaff.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Elemental Staff
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcEmeraldBattleAxe.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Emerald Battle Axe
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcEmeraldBroadsword.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Emerald Broadsword
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcEmeraldBullet.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Emerald Bullet
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcEmeraldDagger.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Emerald Dagger
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcEmeraldGlaive.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Emerald Glaive
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcEmeraldGun.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Emerald Gun
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcEmeraldHalberd.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Emerald Halberd
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcEmeraldMace.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Emerald Mace
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcEmeraldReversedDagger.*          # (default: true) INVENTORY Reversed Emerald Dagger
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcEmeraldScythe.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Emerald Scythe
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcEmeraldShield.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Shield
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcEmeraldSkirt.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Emerald Skirt
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcEmeraldSpear.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Emerald Spear
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcEmeraldStaff.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Emerald Staff
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcEmeraldSword.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Emerald Sword
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcEmeraldTrident.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Emerald Trident
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcEmeraldWarhammer.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Emerald Warhammer
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcExcalibur.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Excalibur
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcFireElement.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Fire Element
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcFireSpell.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Fire Spell
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcFrenchHorn.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY French Horn
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcFrostBattleAxe.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Frost Battle Axe
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcFrostBroadsword.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Frost Broadsword
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcFrostDagger.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Frost Dagger
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcFrostGlaive.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Frost Glaive
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcFrostHalberd.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Frost Halberd
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcFrostMace.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Frost Mace
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcFrostReversedDagger.*            # (default: true) INVENTORY Reversed Frost Dagger
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcFrostScythe.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Frost Scythe
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcFrostShield.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Shield
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcFrostSpear.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Frost Spear
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcFrostStaff.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Frost Staff
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcFrostSword.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Frost Sword
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcFrostTrident.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Frost Trident
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcFrostWarhammer.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Frost Warhammer
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcFullBronzeBoots.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Full Bronze Boots
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcFullBronzeChest.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Full Bronze ChestPlate
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcFullBronzeHead.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Full Bronze Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcFullBronzeLeggings.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Full Bronze Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcFullBronzeShield.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Shield
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcFullDiaShield.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Shield
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcFullDiamondChest.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Full Diamond ChestPlate
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcFullDiamondHead.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Full Diamond Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcFullEmeraldBoots.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Full Emerald Boots
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcFullEmeraldChest.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Full Emerald ChestPlate
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcFullEmeraldHead.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Full Emerald Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcFullEmeraldLeggings.*            # (default: true) INVENTORY Full Emerald Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcFullEmeraldShield.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Shield
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcFullGoldChest.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Full Gold ChestPlate
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcFullGoldHead.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Full Gold Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcFullGoldenShield.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Shield
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcFullIronChest.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Full Iron ChestPlate
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcFullIronHead.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Full Iron Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcFullIronShield.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Shield
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcFullLeatherChest.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Full Leather ChestPlate
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcFullLeatherHead.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Full Leather Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcFullStoneShield.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Shield
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcFullWoodenBoots.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Full Wooden Boots
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcFullWoodenChest.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Full Wooden ChestPlate
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcFullWoodenHead.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Full Wooden Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcFullWoodenLeggings.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Full Wooden Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcFullWoodenShield.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Shield
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcGiantShuriken.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Giant Shuriken
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcGoldGun.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Gun
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcGoldSkirt.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Skirt
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcGoldTrident.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Trident
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcGoldenBattleAxe.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Battle Axe
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcGoldenBroadsword.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Broadsword
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcGoldenBullet.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Bullet
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcGoldenDagger.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Dagger
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcGoldenGlaive.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Glaive
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcGoldenHalberd.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Halberd
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcGoldenMace.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Mace
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcGoldenReversedDagger.*           # (default: true) INVENTORY Reversed Golden Dagger
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcGoldenScythe.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Scythe
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcGoldenShield.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Shield
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcGoldenSpear.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Spear
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcGoldenStaff.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Staff
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcGoldenWarhammer.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Warhammer
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcGolfClub.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Golf Club
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcGuitar.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Guitar
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcGunChainsaw.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY GunChainsaw
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcHammer.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Hammer
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcHandCuffs.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Handcuffs
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcHarp.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Harp
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcHeart.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Heart
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcHeaterShield.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Shield
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcHockeyStick.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Hockey Stick
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcHolySpell.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Holy Spell
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcIceSpell.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Ice Spell
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcInfantryHelmet.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Infantry Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcIronBattleAxe.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Battle Axe
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcIronBroadsword.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Broadsword
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcIronBullet.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Bullet
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcIronDagger.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Dagger
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcIronGlaive.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Glaive
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcIronGun.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Gun
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcIronHalberd.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Halberd
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcIronMace.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Mace
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcIronReversedDagger.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Reversed Iron Dagger
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcIronScythe.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Scythe
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcIronShield.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Shield
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcIronSkirt.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Skirt
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcIronSpear.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Spear
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcIronStaff.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Staff
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcIronTrident.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Trident
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcIronWarhammer.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Warhammer
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcKatana.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Katana
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcKatar.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Katar
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcKey.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Key
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcKey2.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Key
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcKukri.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Kukri
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcKunai.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Kunai
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcLeadPipe.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Lead Pipe
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcLeafBlade.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Leaf Blade
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcLeatherSkirt.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Leather Skirt
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcLetter.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Letter
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcLightningSpell.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Lightning Spell
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcLocket.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Locket
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcMachineGun.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Machine Gun
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcMacuahuitl.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Macuahuitl
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcMagicWand.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Magic Wand
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcMana.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Mana
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcMithrilBattleAxe.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Mithril Battle Axe
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcMithrilBoots.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Mithril Boots
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcMithrilBroadsword.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Mithril Broadsword
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcMithrilChest.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Mithril ChestPlate
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcMithrilDagger.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Mithril Dagger
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcMithrilGlaive.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Mithril Glaive
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcMithrilHalberd.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Mithril Halberd
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcMithrilHead.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Mithril Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcMithrilIngot.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Mithril Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcMithrilLegs.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Mithril Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcMithrilMace.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Mithril Mace
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcMithrilReversedDagger.*          # (default: true) INVENTORY Reversed Mithril Dagger
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcMithrilScythe.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Mithril Scythe
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcMithrilShield.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Shield
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcMithrilSkirt.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Mithril Skirt
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcMithrilSpear.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Mithril Spear
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcMithrilStaff.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Mithril Staff
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcMithrilSword.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Mithril Sword
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcMithrilTrident.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Mithril Trident
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcMithrilWarhammer.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Mithril Warhammer
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcMobCloner.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Mob Cloner
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcMoney.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Money
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcMounter.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Mounter
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcMovingPath.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Npc Pather
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcMusket.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Musket
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcNanorumBoots.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Nanorum Boots
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcNanorumChest.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Nanorum ChestPlate
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcNanorumHead.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Nanorum Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcNanorumLegs.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Nanorum Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcNatureSpell.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Nature Spell
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcNecklace.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Necklace
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcNinjaChest.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Ninja Chest
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcNinjaClaw.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Ninja Claw
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcNinjaHead.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Ninja Head
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcNinjaPants.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Ninja Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcOcarina.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Ocarina
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcOfficerChest.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Officer ChestPlate
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcOrb.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Orb
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcPaperCrown.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Paper Crown
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcPendant.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Pendant
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcPhone.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Phone
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcPipeWrench.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Pipe Wrench
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcPlans.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Plans
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcRapier.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Rapier
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcReverseKunai.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Reverse Kunai
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcRing.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Ring
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcRuby.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Ruby
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcSaber.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Saber
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcSaiBlade.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Sai Blade
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcSaphire.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Sapphire
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcSatchel.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Satchel
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcScriptedDoorTool.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Scripted Door
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcScripter.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Scripter
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcScutumShield.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Shield
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcSeveredEar.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Severed Ear
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcShuriken.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Shuriken
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcSilk.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Silk
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcSkull.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Skull
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcSledgeHammer.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Sledgehammer
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcSlingshot.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Slingshot
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcSoldierBottom.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Soldier Trenchcoat
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcSoldierChest.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Soldier ChestPlate
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcSoldierHead.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Soldier Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcSoldierLegs.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Soldier Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcSoulstoneEmpty.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Soulstone Empty
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcSoulstoneFilled.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Soulstone Filled
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcStatuette.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Statuette
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcSteelClaw.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Steel Claw
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcStoneBattleAxe.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Battle Axe
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcStoneBroadsword.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Broadsword
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcStoneBullet.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Bullet
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcStoneDagger.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Dagger
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcStoneGlaive.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Glaive
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcStoneGun.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Gun
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcStoneHalberd.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Halberd
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcStoneMace.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Mace
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcStoneReversedDagger.*            # (default: true) INVENTORY Reversed Stone Dagger
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcStoneScythe.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Scythe
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcStoneShield.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Shield
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcStoneSpear.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Spear
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcStoneStaff.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Staff
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcStoneTrident.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Trident
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcStoneWarhammer.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Warhammer
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcSwissArmyKnife.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Swiss Army Knife
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcTablet.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Tablet
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcTacticalChest.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Tactical Vest
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcTacticalHead.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Tactical Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcTeleporter.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Teleporter
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcTowerShield.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Shield
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcTuxedoBottom.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Tuxedo Trenchcoat
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcTuxedoChest.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Tuxedo Chest
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcTuxedoPants.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Tuxedo Pants
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcUsbStick.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY USB-Stick
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcViolin.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Violin
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcViolinBow.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Violin Bow
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcWand.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Npc Wand
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcWaterElement.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Water Element
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcWizardChest.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Wizard Chest
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcWizardHead.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Wizard Head
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcWizardPants.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Wizard Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcWoodenBattleAxe.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Battle Axe
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcWoodenBroadsword.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Broadsword
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcWoodenBullet.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Bullet
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcWoodenDagger.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Dagger
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcWoodenGlaive.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Glaive
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcWoodenGun.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Gun
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcWoodenHalberd.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Halberd
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcWoodenMace.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Mace
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcWoodenReversedDagger.*           # (default: true) INVENTORY Reversed Wooden Dagger
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcWoodenScythe.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Scythe
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcWoodenShield.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Shield
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcWoodenSpear.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Spear
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcWoodenStaff.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Staff
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcWoodenTrident.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Trident
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcWoodenWarhammer.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Warhammer
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcWrench.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Wrench
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcX407Boots.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY X407 Prototype Boots
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcX407Chest.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY X407 Prototype ChestPlate
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcX407Head.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY X407 Prototype Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.customnpcs.npcX407Legs.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY X407 Prototype Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.forge.bucketFilled.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.almondbutteritem.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Almond Butter
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.almonditem.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Almond
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.anchovypepperonipizzaitem.*       # (default: true) INVENTORY Anchovy Pepperoni Pizza
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.anchovyrawitem.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Anchovy
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.applecideritem.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Apple Cider
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.applefritteritem.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Apple Fritter
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.applejellyitem.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Apple Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.applejellysandwichitem.*          # (default: true) INVENTORY Apple Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.applejuiceitem.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Apple Juice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.applepieitem.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Apple Pie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.applesauceitem.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Apple Sauce
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.applesmoothieitem.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Apple Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.appleyogurtitem.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Apple Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.apricotglazedporkitem.*           # (default: true) INVENTORY Apricot Glazed Pork
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.apricotitem.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Apricot
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.apricotjellyitem.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Apricot Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.apricotjellysandwichitem.*        # (default: true) INVENTORY Apricot Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.apricotjuiceitem.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Apricot Juice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.apricotsmoothieitem.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Apricot Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.apricotyogurtitem.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Apricot Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.artichokeitem.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Artichoke
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.artichokeseeditem.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Artichoke Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.asparagusitem.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Asparagus
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.asparagusquicheitem.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Asparagus Quiche
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.asparagusseeditem.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Asparagus Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.asparagussoupitem.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Asparagus Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.avocadoburritoitem.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Avocado Burrito
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.avocadoitem.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Avocado
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.baconandeggsitem.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Bacon and Eggs
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.baconcheeseburgeritem.*           # (default: true) INVENTORY Bacon Cheeseburger
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.baconmushroomburgeritem.*         # (default: true) INVENTORY Bacon Mushroom Burger
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.baconwrappeddatesitem.*           # (default: true) INVENTORY Bacon Wrapped Dates
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.bakedbeansitem.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Baked Beans
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.bakedbeetsitem.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Baked Beets
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.bakedhamitem.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Baked Ham
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.bakedsweetpotatoitem.*            # (default: true) INVENTORY Baked Sweet Potato
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.bakedturnipsitem.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Baked Turnips
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.bakewareitem.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Bakeware
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.baklavaitem.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Baklava
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.bambooshootitem.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Bamboo Shoot
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.bambooshootseeditem.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Bamboo Shoot Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.bamboosteamedriceitem.*           # (default: true) INVENTORY Bamboo Steamed Rice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.bananaitem.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Banana
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.bananamilkshakeitem.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Banana Milkeshake
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.banananutbreaditem.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Banana Nut Bread
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.bananasmoothieitem.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Banana Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.bananasplititem.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Banana Split
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.bananayogurtitem.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Banana Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.bangersandmashitem.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Bangers and Mash
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.barleyitem.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Barley
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.barleyseeditem.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Barley Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.bassrawitem.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Bass
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.batteredsausageitem.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Battered Sausage
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.batteritem.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Batter
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.bbqpulledporkitem.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY BBQ Pulled Pork
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.beanburritoitem.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Bean Burrito
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.beanitem.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Beans
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.beansandriceitem.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Beans and Rice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.beanseeditem.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Bean Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.beansontoastitem.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Beans on Toast
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.beefjerkyitem.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Beef Jerky
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.beefwellingtonitem.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Beef Wellington
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.beeswaxitem.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Pressed Wax
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.beetburgeritem.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Beet Burger
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.beetitem.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Beet
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.beetsaladitem.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Beet Salad
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.beetseeditem.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Beet Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.beetsoupitem.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Beet Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.bellpepperitem.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Bellpepper
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.bellpepperseeditem.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Bellpepper Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.biscuititem.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Biscuit
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.biscuitsandgravyitem.*            # (default: true) INVENTORY Biscuits and Gravy
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.blackberrycobbleritem.*           # (default: true) INVENTORY Blackberry Cobbler
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.blackberryitem.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Blackberry
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.blackberryjellyitem.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Blackberry Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.blackberryjellysandwichitem.*     # (default: true) INVENTORY Blackberry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.blackberryjuiceitem.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Blackberry Juice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.blackberryseeditem.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Blackberry Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.blackberrysmoothieitem.*          # (default: true) INVENTORY Blackberry Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.blackberryyogurtitem.*            # (default: true) INVENTORY Blackberry Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.blackpepperitem.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Black Pepper
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.bltitem.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY BLT
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.blueberryitem.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Blueberry
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.blueberryjellyitem.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Blueberry Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.blueberryjellysandwichitem.*      # (default: true) INVENTORY Blueberry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.blueberryjuiceitem.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Blueberry Juice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.blueberrymuffinitem.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Blueberry Muffin
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.blueberrypancakesitem.*           # (default: true) INVENTORY Blueberry Pancakes
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.blueberrypieitem.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Blueberry Pie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.blueberryseeditem.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Blueberry Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.blueberrysmoothieitem.*           # (default: true) INVENTORY Blueberry Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.blueberryyogurtitem.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Blueberry Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.boiledeggitem.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Boiled Egg
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.braisedonionsitem.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Braised Onions
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.breadedporkchopitem.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Breaded Porkchop
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.broccoliitem.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Broccoli
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.broccolimacitem.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Broccoli Mac
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.broccolindipitem.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Broccoli n Dip
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.broccoliseeditem.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Broccoli Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.brownieitem.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Brownie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.brusselsproutitem.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Brussel Sprout
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.brusselsproutseeditem.*           # (default: true) INVENTORY Brussel Sprout Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.bubblywateritem.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Bubbly Water
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.butteredpotatoitem.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Buttered Potato
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.butteritem.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Butter
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cabbageitem.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Cabbage
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cabbageseeditem.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Cabbage Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cactusfruititem.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Cactus Fruit
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cactusfruitjuiceitem.*            # (default: true) INVENTORY Cactus Fruit Juice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cactusfruitseeditem.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Cactus Fruit Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cactussoupitem.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Cactus Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.calamaricookeditem.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Calamari
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.calamarirawitem.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Calamari
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.californiarollitem.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY California Roll
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.candiedgingeritem.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Candied Ginger
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.candiedlemonitem.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Candied Lemon
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.candiedsweetpotatoesitem.*        # (default: true) INVENTORY Candied Sweet Potatoes
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.candiedwalnutsitem.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Candied Walnuts
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.candleberryitem.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Candleberry
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.candleberryseeditem.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Candleberry Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cantaloupeitem.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Cantaloupe
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cantaloupeseeditem.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Cantaloupe Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.caramelappleitem.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Caramel Apple
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.caramelicecreamitem.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Caramel Ice Cream
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.caramelitem.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Caramel
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.carprawitem.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Carp
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.carrotjuiceitem.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Carrot Juice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.carrotsoupitem.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Carrot Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cashewbutteritem.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Cashew Butter
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cashewchickenitem.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Cashew Chicken
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cashewitem.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Cashew
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.catfishrawitem.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Catfish
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.caulifloweritem.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Cauliflower
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cauliflowerseeditem.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Cauliflower Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.ceasarsaladitem.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Ceasar Salad
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.celeryandpeanutbutteritem.*       # (default: true) INVENTORY Celery and Peanut Butter
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.celeryitem.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Celery
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.celeryseeditem.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Celery Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.celerysoupitem.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Celery Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chaiteaitem.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Chai Tea
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chaoscookieitem.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Chaos Cookie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.charrrawitem.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Charr
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.charsiuitem.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Char Siu
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cheeseburgeritem.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Cheeseburger
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cheeseitem.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Cheese
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cheeseontoastitem.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Cheese on Toast
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cherrycoconutchocolatebaritem.*   # (default: true) INVENTORY Cherry Coconut Chocolate Bar
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cherryicecreamitem.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Cherry Ice Cream
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cherryitem.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Cherry
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cherryjellyitem.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Cherry Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cherryjellysandwichitem.*         # (default: true) INVENTORY Cherry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cherryjuiceitem.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Cherry Juice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cherrypieitem.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Cherry Pie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cherrysmoothieitem.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Cherry Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cherrysodaitem.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Cherry Soda
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cherryyogurtitem.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Cherry Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chestnutbutteritem.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Chestnut Butter
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chestnutitem.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Chestnut
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chickencelerycasseroleitem.*      # (default: true) INVENTORY Chicken Celery Casserole
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chickenchowmeinitem.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chicken Chow Mein
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chickencurryitem.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Chicken Curry
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chickengumboitem.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Chicken Gumbo
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chickennoodlesoupitem.*           # (default: true) INVENTORY Chicken Noodle Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chickenparmasanitem.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chicken Parmesan
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chickenpotpieitem.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Chicken Pot Pie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chickensandwichitem.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chicken Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chikorollitem.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Chiko Roll
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chilichocolateitem.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Chili Chocolate
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chiliitem.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Chili
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chilipepperitem.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Chili Pepper
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chilipepperseeditem.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chili Pepper Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chilipoppersitem.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Chili Poppers
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chocolatebaconitem.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Chocolate Bacon
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chocolatebaritem.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Chocolate Bar
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chocolatecaramelfudgeitem.*       # (default: true) INVENTORY Chocolate Caramel Fudge
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chocolatecherryitem.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chocolate Cherry
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chocolatedonutitem.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Chocolate Donut
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chocolateicecreamitem.*           # (default: true) INVENTORY Chocolate Ice Cream
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chocolatemilkitem.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Chocolate Milk
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chocolatemilkshakeitem.*          # (default: true) INVENTORY Chocolate Milkshake
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chocolaterollitem.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Chocolate Roll
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chocolatestrawberryitem.*         # (default: true) INVENTORY Chocolate Strawberry
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chocolateyogurtitem.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Chocolate Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chocovoxelsitem.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Choco Voxels Cereal
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.chorizoitem.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Chorizo
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cinnamonappleoatmealitem.*        # (default: true) INVENTORY Cinnamon Apple Oatmeal
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cinnamonitem.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Cinnamon
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cinnamonrollitem.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Cinnamon Roll
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cinnamonsugardonutitem.*          # (default: true) INVENTORY Cinnamon Sugar Donut
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cinnamontoastitem.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Cinnamon Toast
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.citrussaladitem.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Citrus Salad
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.clamcookeditem.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Clam
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.clamrawitem.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Clam
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cocoapowderitem.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Cocoa Powder
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.coconutcreamitem.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Coconut Cream
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.coconutitem.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Coconut
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.coconutmilkitem.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Coconut Milk
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.coconutshrimpitem.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Coconut Shrimp
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.coconutsmoothieitem.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Coconut Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.coconutyogurtitem.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Coconut Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.coffeebeanitem.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Coffee Beans
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.coffeeconlecheitem.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Coffee con Leche
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.coffeeitem.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Cup of Coffee
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.coffeeseeditem.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Coffee Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.colasodaitem.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Cola Soda
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.coleslawburgeritem.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Coleslaw Burger
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.coleslawitem.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Coleslaw
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cookedtofabbititem.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Tofabbit
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cookedtofaconitem.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Tofacon
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cookedtofeakitem.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Tofeak
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cookedtofeegitem.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Tofeeg
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cookedtofenisonitem.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Tofenison
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cookedtofickenitem.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Toficken
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cookedtofishitem.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Tofish
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cookedtofurkeyitem.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Tofurkey
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cookedtofuttonitem.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Tofutton
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cornbreaditem.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Cornbread
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cornedbeefhashitem.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Corned Beef Hash
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cornedbeefitem.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Corned Beef
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cornflakesitem.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Cornflakes
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cornishpastyitem.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Cornish Pasty
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cornitem.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Corn
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cornmealitem.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Cornmeal
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cornonthecobitem.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Corn on the Cob
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cornseeditem.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Corn Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cottagepieitem.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Cottage Pie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cottoncandyitem.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Cotton Candy
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cottonitem.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Cotton
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cottonseeditem.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Cotton Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.crabcookeditem.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Crab
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.crabrawitem.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Crab
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.crackeritem.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Cracker
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.crackersitem.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Crackers
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cranberrybaritem.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Cranberry Bar
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cranberryitem.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Cranberry
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cranberryjellyitem.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Cranberry Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cranberryjellysandwichitem.*      # (default: true) INVENTORY Cranberry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cranberryjuiceitem.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Cranberry Juice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cranberrysauceitem.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Cranberry Sauce
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cranberryseeditem.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Cranberry Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cranberrysmoothieitem.*           # (default: true) INVENTORY Cranberry Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cranberryyogurtitem.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Cranberry Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.crayfishcookeditem.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Crayfish
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.crayfishrawitem.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Crayfish
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.creamcookieitem.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Cream Cookie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.creamedbroccolisoupitem.*         # (default: true) INVENTORY Creamed Broccoli Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.creamedcornitem.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Creamed Corn
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.creamofavocadosoupitem.*          # (default: true) INVENTORY Cream of Avocado Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.creepercookieitem.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Creeper Cookie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.creeperwingsitem.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Creeper Wings
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.croissantitem.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Croissant
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cucumberitem.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Cucumber
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cucumbersaladitem.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Cucumber Salad
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cucumberseeditem.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Cucumber Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cucumbersoupitem.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Cucumber Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.curryitem.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Curry Rice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.curryleafitem.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Curry Leaf
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.curryleafseeditem.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Curry Leaf Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.currypowderitem.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Curry Powder
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.custarditem.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Custard
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.cuttingboarditem.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Cutting Board
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.damperitem.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Damper
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.dateitem.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Date
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.datenutbreaditem.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Date Nut Bread
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.delightedmealitem.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Delighted Meal
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.deluxecheeseburgeritem.*          # (default: true) INVENTORY Deluxe Cheeseburger
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.deluxechickencurryitem.*          # (default: true) INVENTORY Deluxe Chicken Curry
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.dhalitem.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Dhal
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.dimsumitem.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Dim Sum
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.donutitem.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Donut
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.doughitem.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Dough
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.dragonfruititem.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Dragonfruit
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.durianitem.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Durian
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.durianmilkshakeitem.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Durian Milkshake
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.durianmuffinitem.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Durian Muffin
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.ediblerootitem.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Edible Root
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.eelrawitem.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Eel
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.eggnogitem.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Egg Nog
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.eggplantitem.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Eggplant
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.eggplantparmitem.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Eggplant Parm
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.eggplantseeditem.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Eggplant Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.eggsaladitem.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Egg Salad
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.energydrinkitem.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Energy Drink
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.epicbaconitem.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Epic Bacon
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.espressoitem.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Espresso
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.extremechiliitem.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Extreme Chili
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.fairybreaditem.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Fairy Bread
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.figbaritem.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Fig Bar
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.figitem.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Fig
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.figjellyitem.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Fig Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.figjellysandwichitem.*            # (default: true) INVENTORY Fig Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.figjuiceitem.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Fig Juice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.figsmoothieitem.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Fig Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.figyogurtitem.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Fig Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.firmtofuitem.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Firm Tofu
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.fishandchipsitem.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Fish and Chips
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.fishdinneritem.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Fish Dinner
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.fishlettucewrapitem.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Fish Lettuce Wrap
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.fishsandwichitem.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Fish Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.fishsticksitem.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Fish Sticks
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.fishtacoitem.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Fish Taco
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.fishtrapbaititem.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Fish Trap Bait
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.fivespiceitem.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Five Spice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.flouritem.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Flour
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.footlongitem.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Footlong
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.frenchtoastitem.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY French Toast
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.freshmilkitem.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Fresh Milk
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.freshwateritem.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Fresh Water
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.friedchickenitem.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Fried Chicken
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.friedeggitem.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Fried Egg
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.friedonionsitem.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Fried Onions
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.friedpecanokraitem.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Fried Pecan Okra
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.friedriceitem.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Fried Rice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.friesitem.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Fries
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.frogcookeditem.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Frog Legs
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.frograwitem.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Frog
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.frosteddonutitem.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Frosted Donut
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.fruitbaititem.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Fruit Bait
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.fruitcrumbleitem.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Fruit Crumble
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.fruitpunchitem.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Fruit Punch
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.fruitsaladitem.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Fruit Salad
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.futomakiitem.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Futo Maki
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.garammasalaitem.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Garam Masala
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.gardensoupitem.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Garden Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.garlicbreaditem.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Garlic Bread
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.garlicchickenitem.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Garlic Chicken
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.garlicitem.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Garlic
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.garlicmashedpotatoesitem.*        # (default: true) INVENTORY Garlic Mashed Potatoes
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.garlicseeditem.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Garlic Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.generaltsochickenitem.*           # (default: true) INVENTORY General Tso's Chicken
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.gherkinitem.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Gherkin
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.gingerbreaditem.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Ginger Bread
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.gingerchickenitem.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Ginger Chicken
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.gingeredrhubarbtartitem.*         # (default: true) INVENTORY Gingered Rhubarb Tart
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.gingeritem.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Ginger
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.gingerseeditem.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Ginger Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.gingersnapsitem.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Ginger Snaps
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.gingersodaitem.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Ginger Ale
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.glazedcarrotsitem.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Glazed Carrots
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.gooseberryitem.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Gooseberry
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.gooseberryjellyitem.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Gooseberry Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.gooseberryjellysandwichitem.*     # (default: true) INVENTORY Gooseberry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.gooseberrymilkshakeitem.*         # (default: true) INVENTORY Gooseberry Milkshake
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.gooseberrypieitem.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Gooseberry Pie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.gooseberrysmoothieitem.*          # (default: true) INVENTORY Gooseberry Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.gooseberryyogurtitem.*            # (default: true) INVENTORY Gooseberry Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.grainbaititem.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Grain Bait
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.grapefruititem.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Grapefruit
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.grapefruitjellyitem.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Grapefruit Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.grapefruitjellysandwichitem.*     # (default: true) INVENTORY Grapefruit Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.grapefruitjuiceitem.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Grapfruit Juice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.grapefruitsmoothieitem.*          # (default: true) INVENTORY Grapefruit Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.grapefruitsodaitem.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Grapefruit Soda
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.grapefruityogurtitem.*            # (default: true) INVENTORY Grapefruit Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.grapeitem.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Grape
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.grapejellyitem.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Grape Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.grapejuiceitem.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Grape Juice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.grapesaladitem.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Grape Salad
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.grapeseeditem.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Grape Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.grapesmoothieitem.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Grape Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.grapesodaitem.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Grape Soda
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.grapeyogurtitem.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Grape Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.gravyitem.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Gravy
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.greenheartfishitem.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Green Heart Fish
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.grilledasparagusitem.*            # (default: true) INVENTORY Grilled Asparagus
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.grilledcheeseitem.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Grilled Cheese
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.grilledeggplantitem.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Grilled Eggplant
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.grilledmushroomitem.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Grilled Mushroom
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.grilledskewersitem.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Grilled Skewer
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.groundcinnamonitem.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Ground Cinnamon
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.groundnutmegitem.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Ground Nutmeg
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.grouperrawitem.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Grouper
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.grubitem.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Bee Grub
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.guacamoleitem.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Guacamole
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.gummybearsitem.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Gummy Bears
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.hamburgeritem.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Hamburger
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.hamsweetpicklesandwichitem.*      # (default: true) INVENTORY Ham & Sweet Pickle Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.hardenedleatherbootsitem.*        # (default: true) INVENTORY Hardened Leather Boots
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.hardenedleatherchestitem.*        # (default: true) INVENTORY Hardened Leather Chest
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.hardenedleatherhelmitem.*         # (default: true) INVENTORY Hardened Leather Helm
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.hardenedleatheritem.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Hardened Leather
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.hardenedleatherleggingsitem.*     # (default: true) INVENTORY Hardened Leather Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.hashitem.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Hash
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.heartybreakfastitem.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Hearty Breakfast
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.heavycreamitem.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Heavy Cream
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.herbbutterparsnipsitem.*          # (default: true) INVENTORY Herb Butter Parsnips
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.herringrawitem.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Herring
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.hoisinsauceitem.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Hoisin Sauce
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.homestylelunchitem.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Homestyle Lunch
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.honeybreaditem.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Honey Bread
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.honeybunitem.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Honeybun
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.honeycombchocolatebaritem.*       # (default: true) INVENTORY Honeycomb Chocolate Bar
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.honeycombitem.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Honeycomb
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.honeyglazedcarrotsitem.*          # (default: true) INVENTORY Honey Glazed Carrots
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.honeyglazedhamitem.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Honey Glazed Ham
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.honeyitem.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Honey
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.honeylemonlambitem.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Honey Lemon Lamb
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.honeysandwichitem.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Honey Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.honeysoyribsitem.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Honey Soy Ribs
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.hotandsoursoupitem.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Hot and Sour Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.hotchocolateitem.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Hot Chocolate
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.hotdogitem.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Hotdog
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.hotsauceitem.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Hot Sauce
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.hotwingsitem.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Hot Wings
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.hummusitem.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Hummus
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.hushpuppiesitem.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Hushpuppies
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.icecreamitem.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Ice Cream
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.ironbrewitem.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Brew
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.jaffaitem.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Jaffa
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.jamrollitem.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Jam Roll
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.jellybeansitem.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Jellybeans
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.jellydonutitem.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Jelly Donut
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.jellyfishrawitem.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Jellyfish
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.juiceritem.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Juicer
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.ketchupitem.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Ketchup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.keylimepieitem.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Keylime Pie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.kimchiitem.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Kimchi
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.kiwiitem.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Kiwi
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.kiwijellyitem.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Kiwi Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.kiwijellysandwichitem.*           # (default: true) INVENTORY Kiwi Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.kiwijuiceitem.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Kiwi Juice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.kiwiseeditem.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Kiwi Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.kiwismoothieitem.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Kiwi Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.kiwiyogurtitem.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Kiwi Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.kungpaochickenitem.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Kung Pao Chicken
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.lambbarleysoupitem.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Lamb Barley Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.lambkebabitem.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Lamb Kebab
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.lambwithmintsauceitem.*           # (default: true) INVENTORY Lamb with Mint Sauce
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.lasagnaitem.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Lasagna
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.lavendershortbreaditem.*          # (default: true) INVENTORY Lavender Shortbread
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.leafychickensandwichitem.*        # (default: true) INVENTORY Leafy Chicken Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.leafyfishsandwichitem.*           # (default: true) INVENTORY Leafy Fish Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.leekbaconsoupitem.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Leek Bacon Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.leekitem.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Leek
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.leekseeditem.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Leek Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.lemonaideitem.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Lemonade
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.lemonbaritem.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Lemon Bar
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.lemonchickenitem.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Lemon Chicken
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.lemondrizzlecakeitem.*            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.lemondrizzlecakeitem.name
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.lemonitem.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Lemon
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.lemonjellyitem.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Lemon Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.lemonjellysandwichitem.*          # (default: true) INVENTORY Lemon Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.lemonlimesodaitem.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Lemon-Lime Soda
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.lemonmeringueitem.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.lemonmeringueitem.name
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.lemonsmoothieitem.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Lemon Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.lemonyogurtitem.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Lemon Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.lettuceitem.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Lettuce
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.lettuceseeditem.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Lettuce Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.limeitem.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Lime
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.limejellyitem.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Lime Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.limejellysandwichitem.*           # (default: true) INVENTORY Lime Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.limejuiceitem.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Lime Juice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.limesmoothieitem.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Lime Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.limeyogurtitem.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Lime Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.loadedbakedpotatoitem.*           # (default: true) INVENTORY Loaded Baked Potato
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mangochutneyitem.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Mango Chutney
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mangoitem.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Mango
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mangojellyitem.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Mango Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mangojellysandwichitem.*          # (default: true) INVENTORY Mango Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mangojuiceitem.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Mango Juice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mangosmoothieitem.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Mango Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mangoyogurtitem.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Mango Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.manjuuitem.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Manjū
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.maplecandiedbaconitem.*           # (default: true) INVENTORY Maple Candied Bacon
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mapleoatmealitem.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Maple Oatmeal
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.maplesausageitem.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Maple Sausage
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.maplesyrupitem.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Maple Syrup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.maplesyruppancakesitem.*          # (default: true) INVENTORY Maple Syrup Pancakes
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.maplesyrupwafflesitem.*           # (default: true) INVENTORY Maple Syrup Waffles
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.marinatedcucumbersitem.*          # (default: true) INVENTORY Marinated Cucumbers
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.marshmellowsitem.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Marshmallows
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.marzipanitem.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Marzipan
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mashedpotatoesitem.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Mashed Potatoes
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mashedsweetpotatoesitem.*         # (default: true) INVENTORY Mashed Sweet Potatoes
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mayoitem.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Mayo
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mcpamitem.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY McPam
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.meatfeastpizzaitem.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Meat Feast Pizza
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.meatloafitem.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Meatloaf
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.meatpieitem.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Meat Pie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.meatystewitem.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Meaty Stew
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.melonjuiceitem.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Melon Juice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.melonsmoothieitem.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Melon Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.melonyogurtitem.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Melon Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mincepieitem.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Mince Pie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mintchocolatechipicecreamitem.*   # (default: true) INVENTORY Mint Chocolate Chip Ice Cream
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mixedsaladitem.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Mixed Salad
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mixingbowlitem.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Mixing Bowl
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mochaicecreamitem.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Mocha Ice Cream
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mochiitem.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Mochi
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.montecristosandwichitem.*         # (default: true) INVENTORY Monte Cristo Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mortarandpestleitem.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Mortar and Pestle
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mudfishrawitem.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Mudfish
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.museliitem.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Muesli
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mushroomlasagnaitem.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Mushroom Lasagna
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mushroomrisottoitem.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Mushroom Risotto
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.musselcookeditem.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Mussel
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.musselrawitem.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Mussel
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mustarditem.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Mustard
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mustardseeditem.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Mustard Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.mustardseedsitem.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Mustard Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.naanitem.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Naan
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.nachoesitem.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Nachos
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.neapolitanicecreamitem.*          # (default: true) INVENTORY Neapolitan Ice Cream
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.netherwingsitem.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Nether Wings
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.noodlesitem.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Noodles
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.nutellaitem.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Nutella
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.nutmegitem.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Nutmeg
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.oatsitem.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Oats
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.oatsseeditem.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Oats Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.octopuscookeditem.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Octopus
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.octopusrawitem.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Octopus
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.okrachipsitem.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Okra Chips
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.okracreoleitem.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Okra Creole
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.okraitem.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Okra
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.okraseeditem.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Okra Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.oldworldveggiesoupitem.*          # (default: true) INVENTORY Old World Veggie Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.oliveitem.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Olive
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.oliveoilitem.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooking Oil
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.omeletitem.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Omelet
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.onionhamburgeritem.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Onion Hamburger
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.onionitem.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Onion
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.onionseeditem.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Onion Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.onionsoupitem.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Onion Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.orangechickenitem.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Orange Chicken
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.orangeitem.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Orange
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.orangejellyitem.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Orange Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.orangejellysandwichitem.*         # (default: true) INVENTORY Orange Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.orangejuiceitem.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Orange Juice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.orangesmoothieitem.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Orange Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.orangesodaitem.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Orange Soda
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.orangeyogurtitem.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Orange Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.ovenroastedcaulifloweritem.*      # (default: true) INVENTORY Oven Roasted Cauliflower
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pancakesitem.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Pancakes
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.paneeritem.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Paneer
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.paneertikkamasalaitem.*           # (default: true) INVENTORY Paneer Tikka Masala
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.papayaitem.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Papaya
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.papayajellyitem.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Papaya Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.papayajellysandwichitem.*         # (default: true) INVENTORY Papaya Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.papayajuiceitem.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Papaya Juice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.papayasmoothieitem.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Papaya Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.papayayogurtitem.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Papaya Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.parsnipitem.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Parsnip
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.parsnipseeditem.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Parsnip Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pastaitem.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Pasta
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.patreonpieitem.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Patreon Pie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pbandjitem.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY PB&J
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.peaandhamsoupitem.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Pea and Ham Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.peachcobbleritem.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Peach Cobbler
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.peachesandcreamoatmealitem.*      # (default: true) INVENTORY Peaches and Cream Oatmeal
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.peachitem.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Peach
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.peachjellyitem.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Peach Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.peachjellysandwichitem.*          # (default: true) INVENTORY Peach Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.peachjuiceitem.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Peach Juice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.peachsmoothieitem.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Peach Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.peachyogurtitem.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Peach Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.peanutbuttercookiesitem.*         # (default: true) INVENTORY Peanut Butter Cookies
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.peanutbutteritem.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Peanut Butter
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.peanutitem.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Peanut
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.peanutseeditem.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Peanut Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pearitem.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Pear
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pearjellyitem.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Pear Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pearjellysandwichitem.*           # (default: true) INVENTORY Pear Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pearjuiceitem.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Pear Juice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pearsmoothieitem.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Pear Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pearyogurtitem.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Pear Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.peasandceleryitem.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Peas and Celery
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.peasitem.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Peas
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.peasseeditem.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Peas Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pecanitem.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Pecan
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pecanpieitem.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Pecan Pie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.peppercornitem.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Peppercorn
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.peppermintitem.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Peppermint
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pepperoniitem.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Pepperoni
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.perchrawitem.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Perch
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.persimmonitem.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Persimmon
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.persimmonjellyitem.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Persimmon Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.persimmonjellysandwichitem.*      # (default: true) INVENTORY Persimmon Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.persimmonjuiceitem.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Persimmon Juice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.persimmonsmoothieitem.*           # (default: true) INVENTORY Persimmon Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.persimmonyogurtitem.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Persimmon Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pickledbeetsitem.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Pickled Beets
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pickledonionsitem.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Pickled Onions
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.picklesitem.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Pickles
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pinacoladaitem.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Pinacolada
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pineapplehamitem.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Pineapple Ham
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pineappleitem.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Pineapple
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pineappleseeditem.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Pineapple Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pineappleyogurtitem.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Pineapple Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pistachiobakedsalmonitem.*        # (default: true) INVENTORY Pistachio Baked Salmon
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pistachiobutteritem.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Pistachio Butter
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pistachioicecreamitem.*           # (default: true) INVENTORY Pistachio Ice Cream
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pistachioitem.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Pistachio
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pizzaitem.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Pizza
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pizzasoupitem.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Pizza Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.plainyogurtitem.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Plain Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.ploughmanslunchitem.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Ploughman's Lunch
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.plumitem.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Plum
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.plumjellyitem.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Plum Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.plumjellysandwichitem.*           # (default: true) INVENTORY Plum Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.plumjuiceitem.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Plum Juice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.plumsmoothieitem.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Plum Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.plumyogurtitem.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Plum Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.poachedpearitem.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Poached Pear
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pomegranateitem.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Pomegranate
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pomegranatejellyitem.*            # (default: true) INVENTORY Pomegranate Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pomegranatejellysandwichitem.*    # (default: true) INVENTORY Pomegranate Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pomegranatejuiceitem.*            # (default: true) INVENTORY Pomegranate Juice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pomegranatesmoothieitem.*         # (default: true) INVENTORY Pomegranate Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pomegranateyogurtitem.*           # (default: true) INVENTORY Pomegranate Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.popcornitem.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Popcorn
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.porklettucewrapitem.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Pork Lettuce Wrap
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.porklomeinitem.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Pork Lo Mein
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.porksausageitem.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Pork Sausage
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.potatoandcheesepirogiitem.*       # (default: true) INVENTORY Potato and Cheese Pierogi
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.potatoandleeksoupitem.*           # (default: true) INVENTORY Potato and Leek Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.potatocakesitem.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Potato Cakes
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.potatosaladitem.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Potato Salad
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.potatosoupitem.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Potato Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.potitem.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Pot
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.potroastitem.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Pot Roast
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.poutineitem.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Poutine
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.powdereddonutitem.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Powdered Donut
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pralinesitem.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Pralines
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pumpkinbreaditem.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Pumpkin Bread
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pumpkinmuffinitem.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Pumpkin Muffin
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pumpkinoatsconesitem.*            # (default: true) INVENTORY Pumpkin Oat Scones
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pumpkinsoupitem.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Pumpkin Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.pumpkinyogurtitem.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Pumpkin Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.queenbeeitem.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Queen Bee
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.radishitem.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Radish
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.radishseeditem.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Radish Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.rainbowcurryitem.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Rainbow Curry
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.raisincookiesitem.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Raisin Cookies
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.raisinsitem.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Raisins
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.randomtacoitem.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Random Taco
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.raspberryicedteaitem.*            # (default: true) INVENTORY Raspberry Iced Tea
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.raspberryitem.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Raspberry
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.raspberryjellyitem.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Raspberry Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.raspberryjellysandwichitem.*      # (default: true) INVENTORY Raspberry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.raspberryjuiceitem.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Raspberry Juice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.raspberrypieitem.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Raspberry Pie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.raspberryseeditem.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Raspberry Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.raspberrysmoothieitem.*           # (default: true) INVENTORY Raspberry Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.raspberrytrifleitem.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Raspberry Trifle
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.raspberryyogurtitem.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Raspberry Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.rawtofabbititem.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Tofabbit
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.rawtofaconitem.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Tofacon
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.rawtofeakitem.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Tofeak
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.rawtofeegitem.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Tofeeg
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.rawtofenisonitem.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Tofenison
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.rawtofickenitem.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Toficken
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.rawtofishitem.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Tofish
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.rawtofurkeyitem.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Tofurkey
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.rawtofuttonitem.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Tofutton
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.refriedbeansitem.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Refried Beans
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.rhubarbitem.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Rhubarb
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.rhubarbseeditem.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Rhubarb Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.ricecakeitem.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Rice Cake
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.riceitem.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Rice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.riceseeditem.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Rice Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.ricesoupitem.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Rice Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.roastchickenitem.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Roast Chicken
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.roastedchestnutitem.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Roasted Chestnut
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.roastedpumpkinseedsitem.*         # (default: true) INVENTORY Roasted Pumpkin Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.roastedrootveggiemedleyitem.*     # (default: true) INVENTORY Roasted Root Veggie Medley
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.roastpotatoesitem.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Roast Potatoes
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.rootbeersodaitem.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Root Beer
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.royaljellyitem.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Royal Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.rutabagaitem.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Rutabaga
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.rutabagaseeditem.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Rutabaga Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.ryeitem.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Rye
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.ryeseeditem.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Rye Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.saladdressingitem.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Salad Dressing
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.salmonpattiesitem.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Salmon Patties
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.salsaitem.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Salsa
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.saltedsunflowerseedsitem.*        # (default: true) INVENTORY Salted Sunflower Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.saltitem.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Salt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.sardinerawitem.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Sardine
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.sardinesinhotsauceitem.*          # (default: true) INVENTORY Sardines in Hot Sauce
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.saucepanitem.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Saucepan
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.sausageinbreaditem.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Sausage in Bread
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.sausageitem.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Sausage
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.sausagerollitem.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Sausage Roll
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.scallionbakedpotatoitem.*         # (default: true) INVENTORY Scallion Baked Potato
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.scallionitem.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Scallion
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.scallionseeditem.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Scallion Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.scallopcookeditem.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Scallop
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.scalloprawitem.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Scallop
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.scrambledeggitem.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Scrambled Egg
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.seaweeditem.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Seaweed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.seaweedseeditem.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Seaweed Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.seedsoupitem.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Seed Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.sesameballitem.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Sesame Ball
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.sesameoilitem.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Sesame Oil
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.sesameseedsitem.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Sesame Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.sesameseedsseeditem.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Sesame Seeds Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.sesamesnapsitem.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Sesame Snaps
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.shepardspieitem.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Shepherd's Pie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.shrimpcookeditem.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Shrimp
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.shrimpokrahushpuppiesitem.*       # (default: true) INVENTORY Shrimp Pork Okra Hushpuppies
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.shrimprawitem.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Shrimp
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.silkentofuitem.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Silken Tofu
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.skilletitem.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Skillet
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.snailcookeditem.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Snail
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.snailrawitem.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Snail
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.snapperrawitem.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Snapper
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.snickersbaritem.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Snickers Bar
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.softpretzelandmustarditem.*       # (default: true) INVENTORY Soft Pretzel and Mustard
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.softpretzelitem.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Soft Pretzel
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.soybeanitem.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Soybean
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.soybeanseeditem.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Soybean Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.soymilkitem.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Soy Milk
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.soysauceitem.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Soy Sauce
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.spagettiandmeatballsitem.*        # (default: true) INVENTORY Spaghetti and Meatballs
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.spagettiitem.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Spaghetti
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.spicebunitem.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Spice Bun
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.spiceleafitem.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Spice Leaf
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.spiceleafseeditem.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Spice Leaf Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.spicygreensitem.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Spicy Greens
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.spicymustardporkitem.*            # (default: true) INVENTORY Spicy Mustard Pork
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.spidereyesoupitem.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Spider Eye Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.spinachitem.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Spinach
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.spinachpieitem.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Spinach Pie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.spinachseeditem.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Spinach Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.splitpeasoupitem.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Split Pea Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.springsaladitem.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Spring Salad
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.spumoniicecreamitem.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Spumoni Ice Cream
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.starfruititem.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Starfruit
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.starfruitjellyitem.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Starfruit Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.starfruitjellysandwichitem.*      # (default: true) INVENTORY Starfruit Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.starfruitjuiceitem.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Starfruit Juice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.starfruitsmoothieitem.*           # (default: true) INVENTORY Starfruit Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.starfruityogurtitem.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Starfruit Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.steakandchipsitem.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Steak and Chips
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.steamedpeasitem.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Steamed Peas
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.steamedspinachitem.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Steamed Spinach
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.stockitem.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Stock
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.strawberryicecreamitem.*          # (default: true) INVENTORY Strawberry Ice Cream
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.strawberryitem.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Strawberry
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.strawberryjellyitem.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Strawberry Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.strawberryjellysandwichitem.*     # (default: true) INVENTORY Strawberry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.strawberryjuiceitem.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Strawberry Juice
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.strawberrymilkshakeitem.*         # (default: true) INVENTORY Strawberry Milkshake
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.strawberrypieitem.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Strawberry Pie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.strawberrysaladitem.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Strawberry Salad
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.strawberryseeditem.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Strawberry Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.strawberrysmoothieitem.*          # (default: true) INVENTORY Strawberry Smoothie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.strawberrysodaitem.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Strawberry Soda
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.strawberryyogurtitem.*            # (default: true) INVENTORY Strawberry Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.stuffedeggplantitem.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Stuffed Eggplant
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.stuffedmushroomitem.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Stuffed Mushroom
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.stuffedpepperitem.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Stuffed Pepper
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.suaderoitem.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Suadero
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.summerradishsaladitem.*           # (default: true) INVENTORY Summer Radish Salad
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.summersquashwithradishitem.*      # (default: true) INVENTORY Summer Squash with Radish
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.sundayroastitem.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Sunday Roast
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.sunflowerbroccolisaladitem.*      # (default: true) INVENTORY Sunflower Broccoli Salad
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.sunflowerseedsitem.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Sunflower Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.sunflowerwheatrollsitem.*         # (default: true) INVENTORY Sunflower Wheat Rolls
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.supremepizzaitem.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Supreme Pizza
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.sushiitem.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Sushi
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.sweetandsourchickenitem.*         # (default: true) INVENTORY Sweet and Sour Chicken
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.sweetandsoursauceitem.*           # (default: true) INVENTORY Sweet and Sour Sauce
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.sweetpickleitem.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Sweet Pickle
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.sweetpotatoitem.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Sweet Potato
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.sweetpotatopieitem.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Sweet Potato Pie
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.sweetpotatoseeditem.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Sweet Potato Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.sweetpotatosouffleitem.*          # (default: true) INVENTORY Sweet Potato Souffle
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.sweetteaitem.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Sweet Tea
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.tacoitem.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Taco
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.taffyitem.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Taffy
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.teaitem.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Cup of Tea
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.tealeafitem.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Tea Leaf
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.teaseeditem.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Tea Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.teriyakichickenitem.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Teriyaki Chicken
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.tilapiarawitem.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Tilapia
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.timtamitem.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Tim Tam
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.toadintheholeitem.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Toad in the Hole
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.toastedcoconutitem.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Toasted Coconut
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.toastedsesameseedsitem.*          # (default: true) INVENTORY Toasted Sesame Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.toastedwesternitem.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Toasted Western
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.toastitem.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Toast
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.toastsandwichitem.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Toast Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.tomatoitem.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Tomato
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.tomatoseeditem.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Tomato Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.tomatosoupitem.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Tomato Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.tortillaitem.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Tortilla
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.trailmixitem.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Trail Mix
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.troutrawitem.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Trout
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.tunapotatoitem.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Tuna Potato
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.tunarawitem.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Tuna
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.turkeycookeditem.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Turkey
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.turkeyrawitem.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Turkey
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.turkishdelightitem.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY Turkish Delight
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.turnipitem.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Turnip
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.turnipseeditem.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Turnip Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.turnipsoupitem.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Turnip Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.turtlecookeditem.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Turtle
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.turtlerawitem.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Turtle
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.vanillabeanitem.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Vanilla Bean
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.vanillaicecreamitem.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Vanilla Ice Cream
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.vanillaitem.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Vanilla
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.vanillayogurtitem.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Vanilla Yogurt
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.vegemiteitem.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Vegemite
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.vegemiteontoastitem.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Vegemite on Toast
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.vegetablesoupitem.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Vegetable Soup
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.vegetarianlettucewrapitem.*       # (default: true) INVENTORY Vegetarian Lettuce Wrap
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.veggiebaititem.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Veggie Bait
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.veggiestirfryitem.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Veggie Stirfry
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.veggiestripsitem.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Veggie Strips
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.venisoncookeditem.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Venison
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.venisonrawitem.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Venison
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.vindalooitem.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Vindaloo
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.vinegaritem.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Vinegar
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.wafflesitem.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Waffles
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.walleyerawitem.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Walleye
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.walnutitem.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Walnut
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.walnutraisinbreaditem.*           # (default: true) INVENTORY Walnut Raisin Bread
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.waterchestnutitem.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Water Chestnut
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.waterchestnutseeditem.*           # (default: true) INVENTORY Water Chestnut Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.watermelonjellyitem.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Watermelon Jelly
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.watermelonjellysandwichitem.*     # (default: true) INVENTORY Watermelon Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.waxcombitem.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Waxcomb
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.whitemushroomitem.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY White Mushroom
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.whitemushroomseeditem.*           # (default: true) INVENTORY White Mushroom Spore
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.wintersquashitem.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Winter Squash
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.wintersquashseeditem.*            # (default: true) INVENTORY Winter Squash Seed
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.wovencottonitem.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Woven Cotton
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.yorkshirepuddingitem.*            # (default: true) INVENTORY Yorkshire Pudding
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.zeppoleitem.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Zeppole
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.zestyzucchiniitem.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Zesty Zucchini
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.zombiejerkyitem.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Zombie Jerky
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.zucchinibakeitem.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Zucchini Bake
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.zucchinibreaditem.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Zucchini Bread
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.zucchinifriesitem.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Zucchini Fries
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.zucchiniitem.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Zucchini
fe.protection.inventory.harvestcraft.zucchiniseeditem.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Zucchini Seed
fe.protection.inventory.itemblacklist.blacklisted.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY _ERROR_.name
fe.protection.inventory.justcoins.coin_sack.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Coin Sack
fe.protection.inventory.justcoins.copper_coin.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Copper Coin
fe.protection.inventory.justcoins.gold_coin.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Gold Coin
fe.protection.inventory.justcoins.silver_coin.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Silver Coin
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.acacia_boat.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Acacia Boat
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.acacia_door.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Acacia Door
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.apple.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Apple
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.armor_stand.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Armor Stand
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.arrow.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Arrow
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.baked_potato.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Baked Potato
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.bed.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Bed
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.beef.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Beef
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.beetroot.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Beetroot
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.beetroot_seeds.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Beetroot Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.beetroot_soup.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Beetroot Soup
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.birch_boat.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Birch Boat
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.birch_door.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Birch Door
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.blaze_powder.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Blaze Powder
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.blaze_rod.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Blaze Rod
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.boat.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Oak Boat
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.bone.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Bone
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.book.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Book
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.bow.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Bow
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.bowl.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Bowl
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.bread.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Bread
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Brewing Stand
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.brick.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Brick
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.bucket.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.cake.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Cake
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.carrot.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Carrot
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.carrot_on_a_stick.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Carrot on a Stick
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.cauldron.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Cauldron
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.chainmail_boots.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Chain Boots
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.chainmail_chestplate.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Chain Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.chainmail_helmet.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Chain Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.chainmail_leggings.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Chain Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.chest_minecart.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Minecart with Chest
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.chicken.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Chicken
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.chorus_fruit.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Chorus Fruit
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.chorus_fruit_popped.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Popped Chorus Fruit
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.clay_ball.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Clay
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.clock.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Clock
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.coal.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Coal
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.command_block_minecart.*             # (default: true) INVENTORY Minecart with Command Block
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.comparator.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone Comparator
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.compass.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Compass
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.cooked_beef.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Steak
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.cooked_chicken.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Chicken
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.cooked_fish.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Fish
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.cooked_mutton.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Mutton
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.cooked_porkchop.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Porkchop
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.cooked_rabbit.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Cooked Rabbit
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.cookie.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Cookie
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.dark_oak_boat.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Dark Oak Boat
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.dark_oak_door.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Dark Oak Door
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_axe.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Axe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_boots.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Boots
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_chestplate.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_helmet.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_hoe.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_horse_armor.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Horse Armor
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_leggings.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_pickaxe.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_shovel.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.diamond_sword.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Diamond Sword
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.dragon_breath.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Dragon's Breath
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.dye.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Ink Sac
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.egg.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Egg
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.elytra.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Elytra
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.emerald.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Emerald
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.enchanted_book.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Enchanted Book
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.end_crystal.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY End Crystal
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.ender_eye.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Eye of Ender
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.ender_pearl.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Ender Pearl
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.experience_bottle.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Bottle o' Enchanting
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.feather.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Feather
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.fermented_spider_eye.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Fermented Spider Eye
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.filled_map.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Map
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.fire_charge.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Fire Charge
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.firework_charge.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Firework Star
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.fireworks.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Firework Rocket
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.fish.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Fish
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.fishing_rod.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Fishing Rod
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.flint.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Flint
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.flint_and_steel.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Flint and Steel
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.flower_pot.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Flower Pot
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.furnace_minecart.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Minecart with Furnace
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.ghast_tear.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Ghast Tear
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.glass_bottle.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Glass Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.glowstone_dust.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Glowstone Dust
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.gold_ingot.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Gold Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.gold_nugget.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Gold Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_apple.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Apple
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_axe.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Axe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_boots.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Boots
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_carrot.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Carrot
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_chestplate.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_helmet.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_hoe.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_horse_armor.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Gold Horse Armor
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_leggings.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_pickaxe.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_shovel.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.golden_sword.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Golden Sword
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.gunpowder.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Gunpowder
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.hopper_minecart.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Minecart with Hopper
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_axe.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Axe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_boots.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Boots
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_chestplate.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Chestplate
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_door.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Door
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_helmet.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Helmet
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_hoe.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_horse_armor.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Horse Armor
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_ingot.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_leggings.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Leggings
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_pickaxe.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_shovel.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.iron_sword.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Iron Sword
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.item_frame.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Item Frame
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.jungle_boat.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Jungle Boat
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.jungle_door.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Jungle Door
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.lava_bucket.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Lava Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.lead.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Lead
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.leather.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Leather
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.leather_boots.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Leather Boots
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.leather_chestplate.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Leather Tunic
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.leather_helmet.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Leather Cap
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.leather_leggings.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Leather Pants
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.lingering_potion.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Lingering Water Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.magma_cream.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Magma Cream
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.map.*                                # (default: true) INVENTORY Empty Map
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.melon.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Melon
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.melon_seeds.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Melon Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.milk_bucket.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Milk
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.minecart.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Minecart
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.mushroom_stew.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Mushroom Stew
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.mutton.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Mutton
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.name_tag.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Name Tag
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.nether_star.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Nether Star
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.nether_wart.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Nether Wart
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.netherbrick.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Nether Brick
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.painting.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Painting
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.paper.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Paper
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.poisonous_potato.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Poisonous Potato
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.porkchop.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Porkchop
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.potato.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Potato
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.potion.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Water Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.prismarine_crystals.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Prismarine Crystals
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.prismarine_shard.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Prismarine Shard
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.pumpkin_pie.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Pumpkin Pie
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.pumpkin_seeds.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Pumpkin Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.quartz.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Nether Quartz
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.rabbit.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Raw Rabbit
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.rabbit_foot.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Rabbit's Foot
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.rabbit_hide.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Rabbit Hide
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.rabbit_stew.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Rabbit Stew
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_11.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_13.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_blocks.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_cat.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_chirp.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_far.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_mall.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_mellohi.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_stal.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_strad.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_wait.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.record_ward.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Music Disc
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.redstone.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.reeds.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Sugar Canes
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.repeater.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.rotten_flesh.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Rotten Flesh
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.saddle.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Saddle
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.shears.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Shears
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.shield.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Shield
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.sign.*                               # (default: true) INVENTORY Sign
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.skull.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Skeleton Skull
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.slime_ball.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Slimeball
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.snowball.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Snowball
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.spawn_egg.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Spawn
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.speckled_melon.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Glistering Melon
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.spectral_arrow.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Spectral Arrow
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.spider_eye.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Spider Eye
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.splash_potion.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Splash Water Bottle
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.spruce_boat.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Spruce Boat
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.spruce_door.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Spruce Door
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.stick.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Stick
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.stone_axe.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Axe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.stone_hoe.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.stone_pickaxe.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.stone_shovel.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.stone_sword.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Sword
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.string.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY String
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.sugar.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Sugar
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.tipped_arrow.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Arrow of Splashing
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.tnt_minecart.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Minecart with TNT
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.water_bucket.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Water Bucket
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.wheat.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Wheat
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.wheat_seeds.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Seeds
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.wooden_axe.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Axe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.wooden_door.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Oak Door
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.wooden_hoe.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Hoe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.wooden_pickaxe.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.wooden_shovel.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.wooden_sword.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Wooden Sword
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.writable_book.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Book and Quill
fe.protection.inventory.minecraft.written_book.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Written Book
fe.protection.inventory.storagedrawers.drawerKey.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Drawer Key
fe.protection.inventory.storagedrawers.personalKey.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Personal Key
fe.protection.inventory.storagedrawers.quantify_key.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY Quantify Key
fe.protection.inventory.storagedrawers.shroudKey.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Concealment Key
fe.protection.inventory.storagedrawers.tape.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Packing Tape
fe.protection.inventory.storagedrawers.upgradeCreative.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Creative Storage Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.storagedrawers.upgradeOneStack.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Storage Downgrade
fe.protection.inventory.storagedrawers.upgradeRedstone.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Redstone Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.storagedrawers.upgradeStatus.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Status Upgrade (I)
fe.protection.inventory.storagedrawers.upgradeStorage.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY Storage Upgrade (I)
fe.protection.inventory.storagedrawers.upgradeTemplate.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY Upgrade Template
fe.protection.inventory.storagedrawers.upgradeVoid.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY Void Upgrade
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.arrow.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Arrow
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.arrow_head.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Arrow Head
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.arrow_shaft.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Arrow Shaft
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.axe_head.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Axe Head
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.battlesign.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Battlesign
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.binding.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Binding
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.bolt.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Bolt
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.bolt_core.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Bolt Core
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.book.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Materials and You
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.bow_limb.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Bowlimb
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.bow_string.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Bowstring
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.broad_axe_head.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Broad Axe Head
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.broadsword.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Broadsword
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.cast.*                              # (default: true) INVENTORY Blank Cast
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.cast_custom.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Ingot Cast
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.clay_cast.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.tconstruct.clay_cast.blank
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.cleaver.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Cleaver
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.cross_guard.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Cross Guard
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.crossbow.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Crossbow
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.edible.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Bacon
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.excavator.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Excavator
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.excavator_head.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Excavator Head
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.fancy_frame.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Fancy Item Frame
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.fletching.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Fletching
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.frypan.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Frypan
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.hammer.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Hammer
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.hammer_head.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Hammer Head
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.hand_guard.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Hand Guard
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.hatchet.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Hatchet
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.ingots.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Cobalt Ingot
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.knife_blade.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Knife Blade
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.large_plate.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Large Plate
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.large_sword_blade.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY Large Sword Blade
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.longbow.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Longbow
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.longsword.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Longsword
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.lumberaxe.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Lumberaxe
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.materials.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Seared Brick
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.mattock.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Mattock
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.moms_spaghetti.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Mom's Spaghetti
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.nuggets.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Cobalt Nugget
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.pan_head.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Pan
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.pattern.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Blank Pattern
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.pick_head.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Pickaxe Head
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.pickaxe.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY Pickaxe
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.piggybackpack.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Piggybackpack
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.rapier.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Rapier
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.scythe.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Scythe
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.scythe_head.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Scythe Head
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.shard.*                             # (default: true) INVENTORY Shard
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.sharpening_kit.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Sharpening Kit
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.shortbow.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Shortbow
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.shovel.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY Shovel
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.shovel_head.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Shovel Head
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.shuriken.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Shuriken
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.sign_head.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Sign Plate
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.slime_boots.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Slime Boots
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.slimesling.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Slimesling
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.spaghetti.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Impossibly Hard Wheat Sticks
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.stone_stick.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Stone Rod
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.sword_blade.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY Sword Blade
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.throwball.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY Glowball
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.tool_rod.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY Tool Rod
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.tough_binding.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY Tough Binding
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.tough_tool_rod.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY Tough Tool Rod
fe.protection.inventory.tconstruct.wide_guard.*                        # (default: true) INVENTORY Wide Guard
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.alkahestry_tome.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.alkahestry_tome.name
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.angelheart_vial.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.angelheart_vial.name
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.angelic_feather.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.angelic_feather.name
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.attraction_potion.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.attraction_potion.name
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.bullet.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.bullet_0.name
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.destruction_catalyst.*              # (default: true) INVENTORY item.destruction_catalyst.name
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.emperor_chalice.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.emperor_chalice.name
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.ender_staff.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ender_staff.name
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.fertile_potion.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.fertile_potion.name
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.fortune_coin.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.fortune_coin.name
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.glacial_staff.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.glacial_staff.name
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.glowing_bread.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.glowing_bread.name
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.glowing_water.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.glowing_water.name
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.gun_part.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.gun_part_0.name
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.handgun.*                           # (default: true) INVENTORY item.handgun.name
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.harvest_rod.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.harvest_rod.name
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.heart_zhu.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.heart_zhu_0.name
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.hero_medallion.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.hero_medallion.name
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.holy_hand_grenade.*                 # (default: true) INVENTORY item.holy_hand_grenade.name
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.ice_magus_rod.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.ice_magus_rod.name
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.infernal_chalice.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.infernal_chalice.name
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.infernal_claws.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.infernal_claws.name
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.infernal_tear.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.infernal_tear.name
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.kraken_shell.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.kraken_shell.name
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.lantern_of_paranoia.*               # (default: true) INVENTORY item.lantern_of_paranoia.name
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.magazine.*                          # (default: true) INVENTORY item.magazine_0.name
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.magicbane.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.magicbane.name
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.mercy_cross.*                       # (default: true) INVENTORY item.mercy_cross.name
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.midas_touchstone.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.midas_touchstone.name
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.mob_charm.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.mob_charm_-1.name
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.mob_charm_belt.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.mob_charm_belt.name
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.mob_charm_fragment.*                # (default: true) INVENTORY item.mob_charm_fragment_0.name
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.mob_ingredient.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.mob_ingredient_0.name
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.phoenix_down.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.phoenix_down.name
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.potion.*                            # (default: true) INVENTORY item.potion_empty.name
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.potion_essence.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.potion_essence.name
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.pyromancer_staff.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.pyromancer_staff.name
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.rending_gale.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rending_gale.name
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.rod_of_lyssa.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY item.rod_of_lyssa.name
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.salamander_eye.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.salamander_eye.name
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.serpent_staff.*                     # (default: true) INVENTORY item.serpent_staff.name
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.shears_of_winter.*                  # (default: true) INVENTORY item.shears_of_winter.name
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.sojourner_staff.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.sojourner_staff.name
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.tipped_arrow.*                      # (default: true) INVENTORY Tipped Arrow
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.twilight_cloak.*                    # (default: true) INVENTORY item.twilight_cloak.name
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.void_tear.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.void_tear.name
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.void_tear_empty.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.void_tear_empty.name
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.witch_hat.*                         # (default: true) INVENTORY item.witch_hat.name
fe.protection.inventory.xreliquary.witherless_rose.*                   # (default: true) INVENTORY item.witherless_rose.name
fe.protection.inventorygroup                                           # (default: default) Inventory group property - can be set to any identifier to separate inventories for certain regions
fe.protection.use.*                                                    # (default: true) Allow using items
fe.protection.use.agricraft.agri_nugget.*                              # (default: true) USE Emerald Nugget
fe.protection.use.agricraft.agri_seed.*                                # (default: true) USE Aurigold Seeds
fe.protection.use.agricraft.clipper.*                                  # (default: true) USE Clipper
fe.protection.use.agricraft.clipping.*                                 # (default: true) USE Generic Clipping
fe.protection.use.agricraft.crop_sticks.*                              # (default: true) USE Crop Sticks
fe.protection.use.agricraft.debugger.*                                 # (default: true) USE Debugger
fe.protection.use.agricraft.journal.*                                  # (default: true) USE Agricultural Journal
fe.protection.use.agricraft.magnifying_glass.*                         # (default: true) USE Magnifying Glass
fe.protection.use.agricraft.rake.*                                     # (default: true) USE Wooden Hand Rake
fe.protection.use.agricraft.trowel.*                                   # (default: true) USE Gardening Trowel
fe.protection.use.armorplus.ardite_boots.*                             # (default: true) USE Ardite Boots
fe.protection.use.armorplus.ardite_chestplate.*                        # (default: true) USE Ardite Chestplate
fe.protection.use.armorplus.ardite_helmet.*                            # (default: true) USE Ardite Helmet
fe.protection.use.armorplus.ardite_leggings.*                          # (default: true) USE Ardite Leggings
fe.protection.use.armorplus.armorplus_book.*                           # (default: true) USE §fArmorPlus Book§r
fe.protection.use.armorplus.armorplus_info_book.*                      # (default: true) USE §fArmorPlus Info Book§r
fe.protection.use.armorplus.beam.*                                     # (default: true) USE Beam§r
fe.protection.use.armorplus.chainmail.*                                # (default: true) USE §fChainmail§r
fe.protection.use.armorplus.chicken_boots.*                            # (default: true) USE Chicken Boots
fe.protection.use.armorplus.chicken_chestplate.*                       # (default: true) USE Chicken Chestplate
fe.protection.use.armorplus.chicken_helmet.*                           # (default: true) USE Chicken Helmet
fe.protection.use.armorplus.chicken_leggings.*                         # (default: true) USE Chicken Leggings
fe.protection.use.armorplus.coal_arrow.*                               # (default: true) USE Coal Arrow
fe.protection.use.armorplus.coal_battle_axe.*                          # (default: true) USE §7Coal Battle Axe
fe.protection.use.armorplus.coal_boots.*                               # (default: true) USE Coal Boots
fe.protection.use.armorplus.coal_bow.*                                 # (default: true) USE §7Coal Bow
fe.protection.use.armorplus.coal_chestplate.*                          # (default: true) USE Coal Chestplate
fe.protection.use.armorplus.coal_helmet.*                              # (default: true) USE Coal Helmet
fe.protection.use.armorplus.coal_leggings.*                            # (default: true) USE Coal Leggings
fe.protection.use.armorplus.coal_sword.*                               # (default: true) USE §7Coal Sword
fe.protection.use.armorplus.cobalt_boots.*                             # (default: true) USE Cobalt Boots
fe.protection.use.armorplus.cobalt_chestplate.*                        # (default: true) USE Cobalt Chestplate
fe.protection.use.armorplus.cobalt_helmet.*                            # (default: true) USE Cobalt Helmet
fe.protection.use.armorplus.cobalt_leggings.*                          # (default: true) USE Cobalt Leggings
fe.protection.use.armorplus.dev_item.*                                 # (default: true) USE NBT Item§r
fe.protection.use.armorplus.dev_tool.*                                 # (default: true) USE §lDev Tool
fe.protection.use.armorplus.electrical_boots.*                         # (default: true) USE §4Electrical Boots
fe.protection.use.armorplus.electrical_chestplate.*                    # (default: true) USE §4Electrical Chestplate
fe.protection.use.armorplus.electrical_helmet.*                        # (default: true) USE §4Electrical Helmet
fe.protection.use.armorplus.electrical_ingot.*                         # (default: true) USE §fElectrical Ingot§r
fe.protection.use.armorplus.electrical_leggings.*                      # (default: true) USE §4Electrical Leggings
fe.protection.use.armorplus.emerald_battle_axe.*                       # (default: true) USE §2Emerald Battle Axe
fe.protection.use.armorplus.emerald_boots.*                            # (default: true) USE Emerald Boots
fe.protection.use.armorplus.emerald_bow.*                              # (default: true) USE §2Emerald Bow
fe.protection.use.armorplus.emerald_chestplate.*                       # (default: true) USE Emerald Chestplate
fe.protection.use.armorplus.emerald_helmet.*                           # (default: true) USE Emerald Helmet
fe.protection.use.armorplus.emerald_leggings.*                         # (default: true) USE Emerald Leggings
fe.protection.use.armorplus.emerald_sword.*                            # (default: true) USE §2Emerald Sword
fe.protection.use.armorplus.ender_dragon_arrow.*                       # (default: true) USE Ender Dragon Arrow
fe.protection.use.armorplus.ender_dragon_battle_axe.*                  # (default: true) USE §5Ender Dragon Battle Axe
fe.protection.use.armorplus.ender_dragon_boots.*                       # (default: true) USE Ender Dragon Boots
fe.protection.use.armorplus.ender_dragon_bow.*                         # (default: true) USE §5Ender Dragon Bow
fe.protection.use.armorplus.ender_dragon_chestplate.*                  # (default: true) USE Ender Dragon Chestplate
fe.protection.use.armorplus.ender_dragon_helmet.*                      # (default: true) USE Ender Dragon Helmet
fe.protection.use.armorplus.ender_dragon_leggings.*                    # (default: true) USE Ender Dragon Leggings
fe.protection.use.armorplus.ender_dragon_scale.*                       # (default: true) USE §5Ender Dragon Scale§r
fe.protection.use.armorplus.ender_dragon_sword.*                       # (default: true) USE §5Ender Dragon Sword
fe.protection.use.armorplus.energy_storage.*                           # (default: true) USE §4item.armorplus.energy_storage.name
fe.protection.use.armorplus.guardian_battle_axe.*                      # (default: true) USE §bGuardian Battle Axe
fe.protection.use.armorplus.guardian_boots.*                           # (default: true) USE Guardian Boots
fe.protection.use.armorplus.guardian_bow.*                             # (default: true) USE §bGuardian Bow
fe.protection.use.armorplus.guardian_chestplate.*                      # (default: true) USE Guardian Chestplate
fe.protection.use.armorplus.guardian_helmet.*                          # (default: true) USE Guardian Helmet
fe.protection.use.armorplus.guardian_leggings.*                        # (default: true) USE Guardian Leggings
fe.protection.use.armorplus.guardian_scale.*                           # (default: true) USE §bGuardian Scale§r
fe.protection.use.armorplus.guardian_sword.*                           # (default: true) USE §bGuardian Sword
fe.protection.use.armorplus.jon_bams.*                                 # (default: true) USE Jon Bams§r
fe.protection.use.armorplus.knight_slime_boots.*                       # (default: true) USE Knight Slime Boots
fe.protection.use.armorplus.knight_slime_chestplate.*                  # (default: true) USE Knight Slime Chestplate
fe.protection.use.armorplus.knight_slime_helmet.*                      # (default: true) USE Knight Slime Helmet
fe.protection.use.armorplus.knight_slime_leggings.*                    # (default: true) USE Knight Slime Leggings
fe.protection.use.armorplus.lapis_arrow.*                              # (default: true) USE Lapis Arrow
fe.protection.use.armorplus.lapis_battle_axe.*                         # (default: true) USE §1Lapis Battle Axe
fe.protection.use.armorplus.lapis_boots.*                              # (default: true) USE Lapis Boots
fe.protection.use.armorplus.lapis_bow.*                                # (default: true) USE §1Lapis Bow
fe.protection.use.armorplus.lapis_chestplate.*                         # (default: true) USE Lapis Chestplate
fe.protection.use.armorplus.lapis_helmet.*                             # (default: true) USE Lapis Helmet
fe.protection.use.armorplus.lapis_leggings.*                           # (default: true) USE Lapis Leggings
fe.protection.use.armorplus.lapis_sword.*                              # (default: true) USE §1Lapis Sword
fe.protection.use.armorplus.lava_arrow.*                               # (default: true) USE Lava Arrow
fe.protection.use.armorplus.lava_battle_axe.*                          # (default: true) USE §6Lava Battle Axe
fe.protection.use.armorplus.lava_boots.*                               # (default: true) USE Lava Boots
fe.protection.use.armorplus.lava_bow.*                                 # (default: true) USE §6Lava Bow
fe.protection.use.armorplus.lava_chestplate.*                          # (default: true) USE Lava Chestplate
fe.protection.use.armorplus.lava_crystal.*                             # (default: true) USE Lava Crystal
fe.protection.use.armorplus.lava_helmet.*                              # (default: true) USE Lava Helmet
fe.protection.use.armorplus.lava_leggings.*                            # (default: true) USE Lava Leggings
fe.protection.use.armorplus.lava_sword.*                               # (default: true) USE §6Lava Sword
fe.protection.use.armorplus.manyullyn_boots.*                          # (default: true) USE Manyullyn Boots
fe.protection.use.armorplus.manyullyn_chestplate.*                     # (default: true) USE Manyullyn Chestplate
fe.protection.use.armorplus.manyullyn_helmet.*                         # (default: true) USE Manyullyn Helmet
fe.protection.use.armorplus.manyullyn_leggings.*                       # (default: true) USE Manyullyn Leggings
fe.protection.use.armorplus.modded_city.*                              # (default: true) USE Modded City§r
fe.protection.use.armorplus.obsidian_battle_axe.*                      # (default: true) USE §8Obsidian Battle Axe
fe.protection.use.armorplus.obsidian_boots.*                           # (default: true) USE Obsidian Boots
fe.protection.use.armorplus.obsidian_bow.*                             # (default: true) USE §8Obsidian Bow
fe.protection.use.armorplus.obsidian_chestplate.*                      # (default: true) USE Obsidian Chestplate
fe.protection.use.armorplus.obsidian_helmet.*                          # (default: true) USE Obsidian Helmet
fe.protection.use.armorplus.obsidian_leggings.*                        # (default: true) USE Obsidian Leggings
fe.protection.use.armorplus.obsidian_sword.*                           # (default: true) USE §8Obsidian Sword
fe.protection.use.armorplus.pig_iron_boots.*                           # (default: true) USE Pig Iron Boots
fe.protection.use.armorplus.pig_iron_chestplate.*                      # (default: true) USE Pig Iron Chestplate
fe.protection.use.armorplus.pig_iron_helmet.*                          # (default: true) USE Pig Iron Helmet
fe.protection.use.armorplus.pig_iron_leggings.*                        # (default: true) USE Pig Iron Leggings
fe.protection.use.armorplus.redstone_apple.*                           # (default: true) USE Redstone Apple
fe.protection.use.armorplus.redstone_arrow.*                           # (default: true) USE Redstone Arrow
fe.protection.use.armorplus.redstone_battle_axe.*                      # (default: true) USE §4Redstone Battle Axe
fe.protection.use.armorplus.redstone_boots.*                           # (default: true) USE Redstone Boots
fe.protection.use.armorplus.redstone_bow.*                             # (default: true) USE §4Redstone Bow
fe.protection.use.armorplus.redstone_chestplate.*                      # (default: true) USE Redstone Chestplate
fe.protection.use.armorplus.redstone_flux_axe.*                        # (default: true) USE §4Redstone Flux Axe
fe.protection.use.armorplus.redstone_flux_hoe.*                        # (default: true) USE §4Redstone Flux Hoe
fe.protection.use.armorplus.redstone_flux_pickaxe.*                    # (default: true) USE §4Redstone Flux Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.armorplus.redstone_flux_rod.*                        # (default: true) USE §4Redstone Flux Rod
fe.protection.use.armorplus.redstone_flux_shovel.*                     # (default: true) USE §4Redstone Flux Shovel
fe.protection.use.armorplus.redstone_flux_sword.*                      # (default: true) USE §4Redstone Flux Sword
fe.protection.use.armorplus.redstone_helmet.*                          # (default: true) USE Redstone Helmet
fe.protection.use.armorplus.redstone_leggings.*                        # (default: true) USE Redstone Leggings
fe.protection.use.armorplus.redstone_sword.*                           # (default: true) USE §4Redstone Sword
fe.protection.use.armorplus.slime_boots.*                              # (default: true) USE Slime Boots
fe.protection.use.armorplus.slime_chestplate.*                         # (default: true) USE Slime Chestplate
fe.protection.use.armorplus.slime_helmet.*                             # (default: true) USE Slime Helmet
fe.protection.use.armorplus.slime_leggings.*                           # (default: true) USE Slime Leggings
fe.protection.use.armorplus.steel_boots.*                              # (default: true) USE §4Steel Boots
fe.protection.use.armorplus.steel_chestplate.*                         # (default: true) USE §4Steel Chestplate
fe.protection.use.armorplus.steel_helmet.*                             # (default: true) USE §4Steel Helmet
fe.protection.use.armorplus.steel_ingot.*                              # (default: true) USE §fSteel Ingot§r
fe.protection.use.armorplus.steel_leggings.*                           # (default: true) USE §4Steel Leggings
fe.protection.use.armorplus.super_star_battle_axe.*                    # (default: true) USE §fSuper Star Battle Axe
fe.protection.use.armorplus.super_star_boots.*                         # (default: true) USE Super Star Boots
fe.protection.use.armorplus.super_star_bow.*                           # (default: true) USE §fSuper Star Bow
fe.protection.use.armorplus.super_star_chestplate.*                    # (default: true) USE Super Star Chestplate
fe.protection.use.armorplus.super_star_helmet.*                        # (default: true) USE Super Star Helmet
fe.protection.use.armorplus.super_star_leggings.*                      # (default: true) USE Super Star Leggings
fe.protection.use.armorplus.super_star_sword.*                         # (default: true) USE §fSuper Star Sword
fe.protection.use.armorplus.tesla_rod.*                                # (default: true) USE §3Tesla Rod
fe.protection.use.armorplus.the_dragon_team.*                          # (default: true) USE The Dragon Team§r
fe.protection.use.armorplus.the_gift_of_the_gods.*                     # (default: true) USE §6The Gift Of The Gods
fe.protection.use.armorplus.the_ultimate_boots_full.*                  # (default: true) USE §aThe Ultimate Boots
fe.protection.use.armorplus.the_ultimate_boots_left.*                  # (default: true) USE §aThe Ultimate Boots Left
fe.protection.use.armorplus.the_ultimate_boots_middle.*                # (default: true) USE §aThe Ultimate Boots Middle
fe.protection.use.armorplus.the_ultimate_boots_right.*                 # (default: true) USE §aThe Ultimate Boots Right
fe.protection.use.armorplus.the_ultimate_chestplate_full.*             # (default: true) USE §aThe Ultimate Chestplate
fe.protection.use.armorplus.the_ultimate_chestplate_left.*             # (default: true) USE §aThe Ultimate Chestplate Left
fe.protection.use.armorplus.the_ultimate_chestplate_middle.*           # (default: true) USE §aThe Ultimate Chestplate Middle
fe.protection.use.armorplus.the_ultimate_chestplate_right.*            # (default: true) USE §aThe Ultimate Chestplate Right
fe.protection.use.armorplus.the_ultimate_helmet_full.*                 # (default: true) USE §aThe Ultimate Helmet
fe.protection.use.armorplus.the_ultimate_helmet_left.*                 # (default: true) USE §aThe Ultimate Helmet Left
fe.protection.use.armorplus.the_ultimate_helmet_middle.*               # (default: true) USE §aThe Ultimate Helmet Middle
fe.protection.use.armorplus.the_ultimate_helmet_right.*                # (default: true) USE §aThe Ultimate Helmet Right
fe.protection.use.armorplus.the_ultimate_leggings_full.*               # (default: true) USE §aThe Ultimate Leggings
fe.protection.use.armorplus.the_ultimate_leggings_left.*               # (default: true) USE §aThe Ultimate Legging Left
fe.protection.use.armorplus.the_ultimate_leggings_middle.*             # (default: true) USE §aThe Ultimate Legging Middle
fe.protection.use.armorplus.the_ultimate_leggings_right.*              # (default: true) USE §aThe Ultimate Legging Right
fe.protection.use.armorplus.the_ultimate_material.*                    # (default: true) USE §aThe Ultimate Material§r
fe.protection.use.armorplus.twitch.*                                   # (default: true) USE Twitch§r
fe.protection.use.armorplus.wither_bone.*                              # (default: true) USE §fWither Bone§r
fe.protection.use.aroma1997sdimension.dimensionChanger.*               # (default: true) USE DimensionChanger
fe.protection.use.aroma1997sdimension.portalIgniter.*                  # (default: true) USE Mining Multitool
fe.protection.use.backpacks16840.backpack.*                            # (default: true) USE Black Backpack
fe.protection.use.backpacks16840.backpack_pouch.*                      # (default: true) USE Backpack Pouch
fe.protection.use.backpacks16840.backpack_resizer.*                    # (default: true) USE Backpack Resizer
fe.protection.use.backpacks16840.backpack_restorer.*                   # (default: true) USE Backpack Restorer
fe.protection.use.backpacks16840.quantum_backpack.*                    # (default: true) USE Quantum Backpack
fe.protection.use.backpacks16840.unknown_item.*                        # (default: true) USE Unknown Item
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.BiblioCreativeLock.*                     # (default: true) USE Lock and Key
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.BiblioRedBook.*                          # (default: true) USE Redstone: Volume I
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.BigBook.*                                # (default: true) USE Big Writing Book
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.FramingBoard.*                           # (default: true) USE Framing Board
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.FramingSaw.*                             # (default: true) USE Framing Saw
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.FramingSheet.*                           # (default: true) USE Framing Sheet
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.HandDrill.*                              # (default: true) USE Hand Drill
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.PlumbLine.*                              # (default: true) USE Plumb line
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.RecipeBook.*                             # (default: true) USE Empty Recipe Book
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.SlottedBook.*                            # (default: true) USE Slotted Book
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.TesterItem.*                             # (default: true) USE ItemStack Name Tester
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.compass.*                                # (default: true) USE Compass
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.maptool.*                                # (default: true) USE Drafting Compass
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.seatback1.*                              # (default: true) USE Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.seatback2.*                              # (default: true) USE Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.seatback3.*                              # (default: true) USE Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.seatback4.*                              # (default: true) USE Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.use.bibliocraft.seatback5.*                              # (default: true) USE Oak Seat Back
fe.protection.use.chisel.chisel_diamond.*                              # (default: true) USE Diamond Chisel
fe.protection.use.chisel.chisel_hitech.*                               # (default: true) USE iChisel
fe.protection.use.chisel.chisel_iron.*                                 # (default: true) USE Chisel
fe.protection.use.chisel.offsettool.*                                  # (default: true) USE Ender Offset Wand
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcAirElement.*                           # (default: true) USE Air Element
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcAmethyst.*                             # (default: true) USE Amethyst
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcAncientCoin.*                          # (default: true) USE Ancient Coin
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcAncientScroll.*                        # (default: true) USE Ancient Scroll
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcArcaneSpell.*                          # (default: true) USE Arcane Spell
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcArtifact.*                             # (default: true) USE Artifact
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcAssassinBoots.*                        # (default: true) USE Assassins Boots
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcAssassinChest.*                        # (default: true) USE Assassins ChestPlate
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcAssassinHead.*                         # (default: true) USE Assassins Helmet
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcAssassinLeggings.*                     # (default: true) USE Assassins Leggings
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcBag.*                                  # (default: true) USE Bag
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcBanditMask.*                           # (default: true) USE Bandit Mask
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcBanjo.*                                # (default: true) USE Banjo
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcBaseballBat.*                          # (default: true) USE Baseball Bat
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcBatton.*                               # (default: true) USE Baton
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcBearClaw.*                             # (default: true) USE Bear Claw
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcBlackBullet.*                          # (default: true) USE Black Bullet
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcBlueprint.*                            # (default: true) USE Blueprint
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcBoStaff.*                              # (default: true) USE Bo Staff
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcBrokenArrow.*                          # (default: true) USE Broken Arrow
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcBrokenBottle.*                         # (default: true) USE Broken Bottle
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcBrokenOrb.*                            # (default: true) USE BrokenOrb
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcBronzeBattleAxe.*                      # (default: true) USE Bronze Battle Axe
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcBronzeBroadsword.*                     # (default: true) USE Bronze Broadsword
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcBronzeBullet.*                         # (default: true) USE Bronze Bullet
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcBronzeDagger.*                         # (default: true) USE Bronze Dagger
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcBronzeGlaive.*                         # (default: true) USE Bronze Glaive
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcBronzeGun.*                            # (default: true) USE Bronze Gun
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcBronzeHalberd.*                        # (default: true) USE Bronze Halberd
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcBronzeIngot.*                          # (default: true) USE Bronze Ingot
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcBronzeMace.*                           # (default: true) USE Bronze Mace
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcBronzeReversedDagger.*                 # (default: true) USE Reversed Bronze Dagger
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcBronzeScythe.*                         # (default: true) USE Bronze Scythe
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcBronzeShield.*                         # (default: true) USE Shield
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcBronzeSkirt.*                          # (default: true) USE Bronze Skirt
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcBronzeSpear.*                          # (default: true) USE Bronze Spear
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcBronzeStaff.*                          # (default: true) USE Bronze Staff
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcBronzeSword.*                          # (default: true) USE Bronze Sword
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcBronzeTrident.*                        # (default: true) USE Bronze Trident
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcBronzeWarhammer.*                      # (default: true) USE Bronze Warhammer
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcCarKey.*                               # (default: true) USE Car Key
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcChainSkirt.*                           # (default: true) USE Chain Skirt
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcChickenSword.*                         # (default: true) USE Chicken Sword
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcClarinet.*                             # (default: true) USE Clarinet
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcCleaver.*                              # (default: true) USE Cleaver
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcCoinBronze.*                           # (default: true) USE Bronze Coin
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcCoinDiamond.*                          # (default: true) USE Diamond Coin
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcCoinEmerald.*                          # (default: true) USE Emerald Coin
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcCoinGold.*                             # (default: true) USE Golden Coin
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcCoinIron.*                             # (default: true) USE Iron Coin
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcCoinStone.*                            # (default: true) USE Stone Coin
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcCoinWooden.*                           # (default: true) USE Wooden Coin
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcCombatKnive.*                          # (default: true) USE Combat Knife
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcCommissarBottom.*                      # (default: true) USE Commissar Trenchcoat
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcCommissarChest.*                       # (default: true) USE Commissar ChestPlate
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcCommissarHead.*                        # (default: true) USE Commissar Helmet
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcCommissarLegs.*                        # (default: true) USE Commissar Leggings
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcCowleatherBoots.*                      # (default: true) USE Cowleather Boots
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcCowleatherChest.*                      # (default: true) USE Cowleather ChestPlate
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcCowleatherHead.*                       # (default: true) USE Cowleather Helmet
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcCowleatherLegs.*                       # (default: true) USE Cowleather Leggings
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcCrossBolt.*                            # (default: true) USE Crossbow Bolt
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcCrossbow.*                             # (default: true) USE Crossbow
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcCrowbar.*                              # (default: true) USE Crowbar
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcCrown.*                                # (default: true) USE Crown
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcCrown2.*                               # (default: true) USE Crown
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcCryscentShield.*                       # (default: true) USE Shield
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcCrystal.*                              # (default: true) USE Crystal
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcCursedTrident.*                        # (default: true) USE Cursed Trident
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcDarkSpell.*                            # (default: true) USE Dark Spell
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcDemonicBattleAxe.*                     # (default: true) USE Demonic Battle Axe
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcDemonicBoots.*                         # (default: true) USE Demonic Boots
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcDemonicBroadsword.*                    # (default: true) USE Demonic Broadsword
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcDemonicChest.*                         # (default: true) USE Demonic ChestPlate
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcDemonicDagger.*                        # (default: true) USE Demonic Dagger
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcDemonicGlaive.*                        # (default: true) USE Demonic Glaive
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcDemonicHalberd.*                       # (default: true) USE Demonic Halberd
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcDemonicHead.*                          # (default: true) USE Demonic Helmet
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcDemonicIngot.*                         # (default: true) USE Demonic Ingot
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcDemonicLegs.*                          # (default: true) USE Demonic Leggings
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcDemonicMace.*                          # (default: true) USE Demonic Mace
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcDemonicReversedDagger.*                # (default: true) USE Reversed Demonic Dagger
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcDemonicScythe.*                        # (default: true) USE Demonic Scythe
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcDemonicShield.*                        # (default: true) USE Shield
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcDemonicSkirt.*                         # (default: true) USE Demonic Skirt
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcDemonicSpear.*                         # (default: true) USE Demonic Spear
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcDemonicStaff.*                         # (default: true) USE Demonic Staff
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcDemonicSword.*                         # (default: true) USE Demonic Sword
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcDemonicTrident.*                       # (default: true) USE Demonic Trident
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcDemonicWarhammer.*                     # (default: true) USE Demonic Warhammer
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcDiaShield.*                            # (default: true) USE Shield
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcDiamondBattleAxe.*                     # (default: true) USE Diamond Battle Axe
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcDiamondBroadsword.*                    # (default: true) USE Diamond Broadsword
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcDiamondBullet.*                        # (default: true) USE Diamond Bullet
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcDiamondDagger.*                        # (default: true) USE Diamond Dagger
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcDiamondGlaive.*                        # (default: true) USE Diamond Glaive
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcDiamondGun.*                           # (default: true) USE Diamond Gun
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcDiamondHalberd.*                       # (default: true) USE Diamond Halberd
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcDiamondMace.*                          # (default: true) USE Diamond Mace
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcDiamondReversedDagger.*                # (default: true) USE Reversed Diamond Dagger
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcDiamondScythe.*                        # (default: true) USE Diamond Scythe
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcDiamondSkirt.*                         # (default: true) USE Diamond Skirt
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcDiamondSpear.*                         # (default: true) USE Diamond Spear
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcDiamondStaff.*                         # (default: true) USE Diamond Staff
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcDiamondTrident.*                       # (default: true) USE Diamond Trident
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcDiamondWarhammer.*                     # (default: true) USE Diamond Warhammer
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcEarthElement.*                         # (default: true) USE Earth Element
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcElementalStaff.*                       # (default: true) USE Elemental Staff
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcEmeraldBattleAxe.*                     # (default: true) USE Emerald Battle Axe
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcEmeraldBroadsword.*                    # (default: true) USE Emerald Broadsword
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcEmeraldBullet.*                        # (default: true) USE Emerald Bullet
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcEmeraldDagger.*                        # (default: true) USE Emerald Dagger
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcEmeraldGlaive.*                        # (default: true) USE Emerald Glaive
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcEmeraldGun.*                           # (default: true) USE Emerald Gun
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcEmeraldHalberd.*                       # (default: true) USE Emerald Halberd
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcEmeraldMace.*                          # (default: true) USE Emerald Mace
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcEmeraldReversedDagger.*                # (default: true) USE Reversed Emerald Dagger
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcEmeraldScythe.*                        # (default: true) USE Emerald Scythe
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcEmeraldShield.*                        # (default: true) USE Shield
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcEmeraldSkirt.*                         # (default: true) USE Emerald Skirt
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcEmeraldSpear.*                         # (default: true) USE Emerald Spear
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcEmeraldStaff.*                         # (default: true) USE Emerald Staff
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcEmeraldSword.*                         # (default: true) USE Emerald Sword
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcEmeraldTrident.*                       # (default: true) USE Emerald Trident
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcEmeraldWarhammer.*                     # (default: true) USE Emerald Warhammer
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcExcalibur.*                            # (default: true) USE Excalibur
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcFireElement.*                          # (default: true) USE Fire Element
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcFireSpell.*                            # (default: true) USE Fire Spell
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcFrenchHorn.*                           # (default: true) USE French Horn
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcFrostBattleAxe.*                       # (default: true) USE Frost Battle Axe
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcFrostBroadsword.*                      # (default: true) USE Frost Broadsword
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcFrostDagger.*                          # (default: true) USE Frost Dagger
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcFrostGlaive.*                          # (default: true) USE Frost Glaive
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcFrostHalberd.*                         # (default: true) USE Frost Halberd
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcFrostMace.*                            # (default: true) USE Frost Mace
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcFrostReversedDagger.*                  # (default: true) USE Reversed Frost Dagger
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcFrostScythe.*                          # (default: true) USE Frost Scythe
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcFrostShield.*                          # (default: true) USE Shield
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcFrostSpear.*                           # (default: true) USE Frost Spear
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcFrostStaff.*                           # (default: true) USE Frost Staff
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcFrostSword.*                           # (default: true) USE Frost Sword
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcFrostTrident.*                         # (default: true) USE Frost Trident
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcFrostWarhammer.*                       # (default: true) USE Frost Warhammer
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcFullBronzeBoots.*                      # (default: true) USE Full Bronze Boots
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcFullBronzeChest.*                      # (default: true) USE Full Bronze ChestPlate
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcFullBronzeHead.*                       # (default: true) USE Full Bronze Helmet
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcFullBronzeLeggings.*                   # (default: true) USE Full Bronze Leggings
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcFullBronzeShield.*                     # (default: true) USE Shield
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcFullDiaShield.*                        # (default: true) USE Shield
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcFullDiamondChest.*                     # (default: true) USE Full Diamond ChestPlate
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcFullDiamondHead.*                      # (default: true) USE Full Diamond Helmet
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcFullEmeraldBoots.*                     # (default: true) USE Full Emerald Boots
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcFullEmeraldChest.*                     # (default: true) USE Full Emerald ChestPlate
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcFullEmeraldHead.*                      # (default: true) USE Full Emerald Helmet
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcFullEmeraldLeggings.*                  # (default: true) USE Full Emerald Leggings
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcFullEmeraldShield.*                    # (default: true) USE Shield
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcFullGoldChest.*                        # (default: true) USE Full Gold ChestPlate
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcFullGoldHead.*                         # (default: true) USE Full Gold Helmet
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcFullGoldenShield.*                     # (default: true) USE Shield
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcFullIronChest.*                        # (default: true) USE Full Iron ChestPlate
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcFullIronHead.*                         # (default: true) USE Full Iron Helmet
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcFullIronShield.*                       # (default: true) USE Shield
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcFullLeatherChest.*                     # (default: true) USE Full Leather ChestPlate
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcFullLeatherHead.*                      # (default: true) USE Full Leather Helmet
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcFullStoneShield.*                      # (default: true) USE Shield
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcFullWoodenBoots.*                      # (default: true) USE Full Wooden Boots
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcFullWoodenChest.*                      # (default: true) USE Full Wooden ChestPlate
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcFullWoodenHead.*                       # (default: true) USE Full Wooden Helmet
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcFullWoodenLeggings.*                   # (default: true) USE Full Wooden Leggings
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcFullWoodenShield.*                     # (default: true) USE Shield
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcGiantShuriken.*                        # (default: true) USE Giant Shuriken
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcGoldGun.*                              # (default: true) USE Golden Gun
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcGoldSkirt.*                            # (default: true) USE Golden Skirt
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcGoldTrident.*                          # (default: true) USE Golden Trident
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcGoldenBattleAxe.*                      # (default: true) USE Golden Battle Axe
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcGoldenBroadsword.*                     # (default: true) USE Golden Broadsword
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcGoldenBullet.*                         # (default: true) USE Golden Bullet
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcGoldenDagger.*                         # (default: true) USE Golden Dagger
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcGoldenGlaive.*                         # (default: true) USE Golden Glaive
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcGoldenHalberd.*                        # (default: true) USE Golden Halberd
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcGoldenMace.*                           # (default: true) USE Golden Mace
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcGoldenReversedDagger.*                 # (default: true) USE Reversed Golden Dagger
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcGoldenScythe.*                         # (default: true) USE Golden Scythe
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcGoldenShield.*                         # (default: true) USE Shield
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcGoldenSpear.*                          # (default: true) USE Golden Spear
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcGoldenStaff.*                          # (default: true) USE Golden Staff
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcGoldenWarhammer.*                      # (default: true) USE Golden Warhammer
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcGolfClub.*                             # (default: true) USE Golf Club
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcGuitar.*                               # (default: true) USE Guitar
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcGunChainsaw.*                          # (default: true) USE GunChainsaw
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcHammer.*                               # (default: true) USE Hammer
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcHandCuffs.*                            # (default: true) USE Handcuffs
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcHarp.*                                 # (default: true) USE Harp
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcHeart.*                                # (default: true) USE Heart
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcHeaterShield.*                         # (default: true) USE Shield
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcHockeyStick.*                          # (default: true) USE Hockey Stick
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcHolySpell.*                            # (default: true) USE Holy Spell
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcIceSpell.*                             # (default: true) USE Ice Spell
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcInfantryHelmet.*                       # (default: true) USE Infantry Helmet
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcIronBattleAxe.*                        # (default: true) USE Iron Battle Axe
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcIronBroadsword.*                       # (default: true) USE Iron Broadsword
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcIronBullet.*                           # (default: true) USE Iron Bullet
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcIronDagger.*                           # (default: true) USE Iron Dagger
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcIronGlaive.*                           # (default: true) USE Iron Glaive
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcIronGun.*                              # (default: true) USE Iron Gun
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcIronHalberd.*                          # (default: true) USE Iron Halberd
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcIronMace.*                             # (default: true) USE Iron Mace
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcIronReversedDagger.*                   # (default: true) USE Reversed Iron Dagger
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcIronScythe.*                           # (default: true) USE Iron Scythe
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcIronShield.*                           # (default: true) USE Shield
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcIronSkirt.*                            # (default: true) USE Iron Skirt
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcIronSpear.*                            # (default: true) USE Iron Spear
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcIronStaff.*                            # (default: true) USE Iron Staff
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcIronTrident.*                          # (default: true) USE Iron Trident
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcIronWarhammer.*                        # (default: true) USE Iron Warhammer
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcKatana.*                               # (default: true) USE Katana
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcKatar.*                                # (default: true) USE Katar
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcKey.*                                  # (default: true) USE Key
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcKey2.*                                 # (default: true) USE Key
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcKukri.*                                # (default: true) USE Kukri
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcKunai.*                                # (default: true) USE Kunai
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcLeadPipe.*                             # (default: true) USE Lead Pipe
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcLeafBlade.*                            # (default: true) USE Leaf Blade
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcLeatherSkirt.*                         # (default: true) USE Leather Skirt
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcLetter.*                               # (default: true) USE Letter
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcLightningSpell.*                       # (default: true) USE Lightning Spell
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcLocket.*                               # (default: true) USE Locket
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcMachineGun.*                           # (default: true) USE Machine Gun
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcMacuahuitl.*                           # (default: true) USE Macuahuitl
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcMagicWand.*                            # (default: true) USE Magic Wand
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcMana.*                                 # (default: true) USE Mana
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcMithrilBattleAxe.*                     # (default: true) USE Mithril Battle Axe
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcMithrilBoots.*                         # (default: true) USE Mithril Boots
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcMithrilBroadsword.*                    # (default: true) USE Mithril Broadsword
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcMithrilChest.*                         # (default: true) USE Mithril ChestPlate
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcMithrilDagger.*                        # (default: true) USE Mithril Dagger
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcMithrilGlaive.*                        # (default: true) USE Mithril Glaive
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcMithrilHalberd.*                       # (default: true) USE Mithril Halberd
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcMithrilHead.*                          # (default: true) USE Mithril Helmet
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcMithrilIngot.*                         # (default: true) USE Mithril Ingot
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcMithrilLegs.*                          # (default: true) USE Mithril Leggings
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcMithrilMace.*                          # (default: true) USE Mithril Mace
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcMithrilReversedDagger.*                # (default: true) USE Reversed Mithril Dagger
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcMithrilScythe.*                        # (default: true) USE Mithril Scythe
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcMithrilShield.*                        # (default: true) USE Shield
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcMithrilSkirt.*                         # (default: true) USE Mithril Skirt
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcMithrilSpear.*                         # (default: true) USE Mithril Spear
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcMithrilStaff.*                         # (default: true) USE Mithril Staff
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcMithrilSword.*                         # (default: true) USE Mithril Sword
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcMithrilTrident.*                       # (default: true) USE Mithril Trident
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcMithrilWarhammer.*                     # (default: true) USE Mithril Warhammer
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcMobCloner.*                            # (default: true) USE Mob Cloner
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcMoney.*                                # (default: true) USE Money
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcMounter.*                              # (default: true) USE Mounter
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcMovingPath.*                           # (default: true) USE Npc Pather
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcMusket.*                               # (default: true) USE Musket
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcNanorumBoots.*                         # (default: true) USE Nanorum Boots
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcNanorumChest.*                         # (default: true) USE Nanorum ChestPlate
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcNanorumHead.*                          # (default: true) USE Nanorum Helmet
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcNanorumLegs.*                          # (default: true) USE Nanorum Leggings
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcNatureSpell.*                          # (default: true) USE Nature Spell
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcNecklace.*                             # (default: true) USE Necklace
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcNinjaChest.*                           # (default: true) USE Ninja Chest
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcNinjaClaw.*                            # (default: true) USE Ninja Claw
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcNinjaHead.*                            # (default: true) USE Ninja Head
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcNinjaPants.*                           # (default: true) USE Ninja Leggings
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcOcarina.*                              # (default: true) USE Ocarina
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcOfficerChest.*                         # (default: true) USE Officer ChestPlate
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcOrb.*                                  # (default: true) USE Orb
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcPaperCrown.*                           # (default: true) USE Paper Crown
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcPendant.*                              # (default: true) USE Pendant
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcPhone.*                                # (default: true) USE Phone
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcPipeWrench.*                           # (default: true) USE Pipe Wrench
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcPlans.*                                # (default: true) USE Plans
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcRapier.*                               # (default: true) USE Rapier
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcReverseKunai.*                         # (default: true) USE Reverse Kunai
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcRing.*                                 # (default: true) USE Ring
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcRuby.*                                 # (default: true) USE Ruby
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcSaber.*                                # (default: true) USE Saber
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcSaiBlade.*                             # (default: true) USE Sai Blade
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcSaphire.*                              # (default: true) USE Sapphire
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcSatchel.*                              # (default: true) USE Satchel
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcScriptedDoorTool.*                     # (default: true) USE Scripted Door
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcScripter.*                             # (default: true) USE Scripter
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcScutumShield.*                         # (default: true) USE Shield
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcSeveredEar.*                           # (default: true) USE Severed Ear
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcShuriken.*                             # (default: true) USE Shuriken
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcSilk.*                                 # (default: true) USE Silk
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcSkull.*                                # (default: true) USE Skull
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcSledgeHammer.*                         # (default: true) USE Sledgehammer
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcSlingshot.*                            # (default: true) USE Slingshot
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcSoldierBottom.*                        # (default: true) USE Soldier Trenchcoat
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcSoldierChest.*                         # (default: true) USE Soldier ChestPlate
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcSoldierHead.*                          # (default: true) USE Soldier Helmet
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcSoldierLegs.*                          # (default: true) USE Soldier Leggings
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcSoulstoneEmpty.*                       # (default: true) USE Soulstone Empty
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcSoulstoneFilled.*                      # (default: true) USE Soulstone Filled
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcStatuette.*                            # (default: true) USE Statuette
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcSteelClaw.*                            # (default: true) USE Steel Claw
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcStoneBattleAxe.*                       # (default: true) USE Stone Battle Axe
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcStoneBroadsword.*                      # (default: true) USE Stone Broadsword
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcStoneBullet.*                          # (default: true) USE Stone Bullet
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcStoneDagger.*                          # (default: true) USE Stone Dagger
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcStoneGlaive.*                          # (default: true) USE Stone Glaive
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcStoneGun.*                             # (default: true) USE Stone Gun
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcStoneHalberd.*                         # (default: true) USE Stone Halberd
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcStoneMace.*                            # (default: true) USE Stone Mace
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcStoneReversedDagger.*                  # (default: true) USE Reversed Stone Dagger
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcStoneScythe.*                          # (default: true) USE Stone Scythe
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcStoneShield.*                          # (default: true) USE Shield
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcStoneSpear.*                           # (default: true) USE Stone Spear
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcStoneStaff.*                           # (default: true) USE Stone Staff
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcStoneTrident.*                         # (default: true) USE Stone Trident
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcStoneWarhammer.*                       # (default: true) USE Stone Warhammer
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcSwissArmyKnife.*                       # (default: true) USE Swiss Army Knife
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcTablet.*                               # (default: true) USE Tablet
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcTacticalChest.*                        # (default: true) USE Tactical Vest
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcTacticalHead.*                         # (default: true) USE Tactical Helmet
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcTeleporter.*                           # (default: true) USE Teleporter
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcTowerShield.*                          # (default: true) USE Shield
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcTuxedoBottom.*                         # (default: true) USE Tuxedo Trenchcoat
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcTuxedoChest.*                          # (default: true) USE Tuxedo Chest
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcTuxedoPants.*                          # (default: true) USE Tuxedo Pants
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcUsbStick.*                             # (default: true) USE USB-Stick
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcViolin.*                               # (default: true) USE Violin
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcViolinBow.*                            # (default: true) USE Violin Bow
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcWand.*                                 # (default: true) USE Npc Wand
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcWaterElement.*                         # (default: true) USE Water Element
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcWizardChest.*                          # (default: true) USE Wizard Chest
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcWizardHead.*                           # (default: true) USE Wizard Head
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcWizardPants.*                          # (default: true) USE Wizard Leggings
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcWoodenBattleAxe.*                      # (default: true) USE Wooden Battle Axe
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcWoodenBroadsword.*                     # (default: true) USE Wooden Broadsword
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcWoodenBullet.*                         # (default: true) USE Wooden Bullet
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcWoodenDagger.*                         # (default: true) USE Wooden Dagger
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcWoodenGlaive.*                         # (default: true) USE Wooden Glaive
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcWoodenGun.*                            # (default: true) USE Wooden Gun
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcWoodenHalberd.*                        # (default: true) USE Wooden Halberd
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcWoodenMace.*                           # (default: true) USE Wooden Mace
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcWoodenReversedDagger.*                 # (default: true) USE Reversed Wooden Dagger
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcWoodenScythe.*                         # (default: true) USE Wooden Scythe
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcWoodenShield.*                         # (default: true) USE Shield
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcWoodenSpear.*                          # (default: true) USE Wooden Spear
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcWoodenStaff.*                          # (default: true) USE Wooden Staff
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcWoodenTrident.*                        # (default: true) USE Wooden Trident
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcWoodenWarhammer.*                      # (default: true) USE Wooden Warhammer
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcWrench.*                               # (default: true) USE Wrench
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcX407Boots.*                            # (default: true) USE X407 Prototype Boots
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcX407Chest.*                            # (default: true) USE X407 Prototype ChestPlate
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcX407Head.*                             # (default: true) USE X407 Prototype Helmet
fe.protection.use.customnpcs.npcX407Legs.*                             # (default: true) USE X407 Prototype Leggings
fe.protection.use.forge.bucketFilled.*                                 # (default: true) USE Bucket
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.almondbutteritem.*                      # (default: true) USE Almond Butter
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.almonditem.*                            # (default: true) USE Almond
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.anchovypepperonipizzaitem.*             # (default: true) USE Anchovy Pepperoni Pizza
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.anchovyrawitem.*                        # (default: true) USE Raw Anchovy
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.applecideritem.*                        # (default: true) USE Apple Cider
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.applefritteritem.*                      # (default: true) USE Apple Fritter
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.applejellyitem.*                        # (default: true) USE Apple Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.applejellysandwichitem.*                # (default: true) USE Apple Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.applejuiceitem.*                        # (default: true) USE Apple Juice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.applepieitem.*                          # (default: true) USE Apple Pie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.applesauceitem.*                        # (default: true) USE Apple Sauce
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.applesmoothieitem.*                     # (default: true) USE Apple Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.appleyogurtitem.*                       # (default: true) USE Apple Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.apricotglazedporkitem.*                 # (default: true) USE Apricot Glazed Pork
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.apricotitem.*                           # (default: true) USE Apricot
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.apricotjellyitem.*                      # (default: true) USE Apricot Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.apricotjellysandwichitem.*              # (default: true) USE Apricot Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.apricotjuiceitem.*                      # (default: true) USE Apricot Juice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.apricotsmoothieitem.*                   # (default: true) USE Apricot Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.apricotyogurtitem.*                     # (default: true) USE Apricot Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.artichokeitem.*                         # (default: true) USE Artichoke
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.artichokeseeditem.*                     # (default: true) USE Artichoke Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.asparagusitem.*                         # (default: true) USE Asparagus
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.asparagusquicheitem.*                   # (default: true) USE Asparagus Quiche
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.asparagusseeditem.*                     # (default: true) USE Asparagus Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.asparagussoupitem.*                     # (default: true) USE Asparagus Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.avocadoburritoitem.*                    # (default: true) USE Avocado Burrito
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.avocadoitem.*                           # (default: true) USE Avocado
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.baconandeggsitem.*                      # (default: true) USE Bacon and Eggs
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.baconcheeseburgeritem.*                 # (default: true) USE Bacon Cheeseburger
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.baconmushroomburgeritem.*               # (default: true) USE Bacon Mushroom Burger
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.baconwrappeddatesitem.*                 # (default: true) USE Bacon Wrapped Dates
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.bakedbeansitem.*                        # (default: true) USE Baked Beans
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.bakedbeetsitem.*                        # (default: true) USE Baked Beets
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.bakedhamitem.*                          # (default: true) USE Baked Ham
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.bakedsweetpotatoitem.*                  # (default: true) USE Baked Sweet Potato
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.bakedturnipsitem.*                      # (default: true) USE Baked Turnips
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.bakewareitem.*                          # (default: true) USE Bakeware
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.baklavaitem.*                           # (default: true) USE Baklava
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.bambooshootitem.*                       # (default: true) USE Bamboo Shoot
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.bambooshootseeditem.*                   # (default: true) USE Bamboo Shoot Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.bamboosteamedriceitem.*                 # (default: true) USE Bamboo Steamed Rice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.bananaitem.*                            # (default: true) USE Banana
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.bananamilkshakeitem.*                   # (default: true) USE Banana Milkeshake
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.banananutbreaditem.*                    # (default: true) USE Banana Nut Bread
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.bananasmoothieitem.*                    # (default: true) USE Banana Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.bananasplititem.*                       # (default: true) USE Banana Split
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.bananayogurtitem.*                      # (default: true) USE Banana Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.bangersandmashitem.*                    # (default: true) USE Bangers and Mash
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.barleyitem.*                            # (default: true) USE Barley
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.barleyseeditem.*                        # (default: true) USE Barley Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.bassrawitem.*                           # (default: true) USE Raw Bass
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.batteredsausageitem.*                   # (default: true) USE Battered Sausage
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.batteritem.*                            # (default: true) USE Batter
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.bbqpulledporkitem.*                     # (default: true) USE BBQ Pulled Pork
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.beanburritoitem.*                       # (default: true) USE Bean Burrito
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.beanitem.*                              # (default: true) USE Beans
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.beansandriceitem.*                      # (default: true) USE Beans and Rice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.beanseeditem.*                          # (default: true) USE Bean Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.beansontoastitem.*                      # (default: true) USE Beans on Toast
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.beefjerkyitem.*                         # (default: true) USE Beef Jerky
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.beefwellingtonitem.*                    # (default: true) USE Beef Wellington
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.beeswaxitem.*                           # (default: true) USE Pressed Wax
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.beetburgeritem.*                        # (default: true) USE Beet Burger
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.beetitem.*                              # (default: true) USE Beet
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.beetsaladitem.*                         # (default: true) USE Beet Salad
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.beetseeditem.*                          # (default: true) USE Beet Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.beetsoupitem.*                          # (default: true) USE Beet Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.bellpepperitem.*                        # (default: true) USE Bellpepper
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.bellpepperseeditem.*                    # (default: true) USE Bellpepper Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.biscuititem.*                           # (default: true) USE Biscuit
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.biscuitsandgravyitem.*                  # (default: true) USE Biscuits and Gravy
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.blackberrycobbleritem.*                 # (default: true) USE Blackberry Cobbler
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.blackberryitem.*                        # (default: true) USE Blackberry
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.blackberryjellyitem.*                   # (default: true) USE Blackberry Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.blackberryjellysandwichitem.*           # (default: true) USE Blackberry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.blackberryjuiceitem.*                   # (default: true) USE Blackberry Juice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.blackberryseeditem.*                    # (default: true) USE Blackberry Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.blackberrysmoothieitem.*                # (default: true) USE Blackberry Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.blackberryyogurtitem.*                  # (default: true) USE Blackberry Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.blackpepperitem.*                       # (default: true) USE Black Pepper
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.bltitem.*                               # (default: true) USE BLT
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.blueberryitem.*                         # (default: true) USE Blueberry
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.blueberryjellyitem.*                    # (default: true) USE Blueberry Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.blueberryjellysandwichitem.*            # (default: true) USE Blueberry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.blueberryjuiceitem.*                    # (default: true) USE Blueberry Juice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.blueberrymuffinitem.*                   # (default: true) USE Blueberry Muffin
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.blueberrypancakesitem.*                 # (default: true) USE Blueberry Pancakes
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.blueberrypieitem.*                      # (default: true) USE Blueberry Pie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.blueberryseeditem.*                     # (default: true) USE Blueberry Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.blueberrysmoothieitem.*                 # (default: true) USE Blueberry Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.blueberryyogurtitem.*                   # (default: true) USE Blueberry Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.boiledeggitem.*                         # (default: true) USE Boiled Egg
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.braisedonionsitem.*                     # (default: true) USE Braised Onions
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.breadedporkchopitem.*                   # (default: true) USE Breaded Porkchop
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.broccoliitem.*                          # (default: true) USE Broccoli
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.broccolimacitem.*                       # (default: true) USE Broccoli Mac
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.broccolindipitem.*                      # (default: true) USE Broccoli n Dip
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.broccoliseeditem.*                      # (default: true) USE Broccoli Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.brownieitem.*                           # (default: true) USE Brownie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.brusselsproutitem.*                     # (default: true) USE Brussel Sprout
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.brusselsproutseeditem.*                 # (default: true) USE Brussel Sprout Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.bubblywateritem.*                       # (default: true) USE Bubbly Water
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.butteredpotatoitem.*                    # (default: true) USE Buttered Potato
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.butteritem.*                            # (default: true) USE Butter
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cabbageitem.*                           # (default: true) USE Cabbage
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cabbageseeditem.*                       # (default: true) USE Cabbage Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cactusfruititem.*                       # (default: true) USE Cactus Fruit
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cactusfruitjuiceitem.*                  # (default: true) USE Cactus Fruit Juice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cactusfruitseeditem.*                   # (default: true) USE Cactus Fruit Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cactussoupitem.*                        # (default: true) USE Cactus Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.calamaricookeditem.*                    # (default: true) USE Cooked Calamari
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.calamarirawitem.*                       # (default: true) USE Raw Calamari
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.californiarollitem.*                    # (default: true) USE California Roll
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.candiedgingeritem.*                     # (default: true) USE Candied Ginger
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.candiedlemonitem.*                      # (default: true) USE Candied Lemon
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.candiedsweetpotatoesitem.*              # (default: true) USE Candied Sweet Potatoes
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.candiedwalnutsitem.*                    # (default: true) USE Candied Walnuts
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.candleberryitem.*                       # (default: true) USE Candleberry
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.candleberryseeditem.*                   # (default: true) USE Candleberry Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cantaloupeitem.*                        # (default: true) USE Cantaloupe
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cantaloupeseeditem.*                    # (default: true) USE Cantaloupe Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.caramelappleitem.*                      # (default: true) USE Caramel Apple
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.caramelicecreamitem.*                   # (default: true) USE Caramel Ice Cream
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.caramelitem.*                           # (default: true) USE Caramel
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.carprawitem.*                           # (default: true) USE Raw Carp
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.carrotjuiceitem.*                       # (default: true) USE Carrot Juice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.carrotsoupitem.*                        # (default: true) USE Carrot Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cashewbutteritem.*                      # (default: true) USE Cashew Butter
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cashewchickenitem.*                     # (default: true) USE Cashew Chicken
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cashewitem.*                            # (default: true) USE Cashew
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.catfishrawitem.*                        # (default: true) USE Raw Catfish
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.caulifloweritem.*                       # (default: true) USE Cauliflower
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cauliflowerseeditem.*                   # (default: true) USE Cauliflower Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.ceasarsaladitem.*                       # (default: true) USE Ceasar Salad
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.celeryandpeanutbutteritem.*             # (default: true) USE Celery and Peanut Butter
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.celeryitem.*                            # (default: true) USE Celery
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.celeryseeditem.*                        # (default: true) USE Celery Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.celerysoupitem.*                        # (default: true) USE Celery Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chaiteaitem.*                           # (default: true) USE Chai Tea
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chaoscookieitem.*                       # (default: true) USE Chaos Cookie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.charrrawitem.*                          # (default: true) USE Raw Charr
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.charsiuitem.*                           # (default: true) USE Char Siu
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cheeseburgeritem.*                      # (default: true) USE Cheeseburger
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cheeseitem.*                            # (default: true) USE Cheese
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cheeseontoastitem.*                     # (default: true) USE Cheese on Toast
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cherrycoconutchocolatebaritem.*         # (default: true) USE Cherry Coconut Chocolate Bar
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cherryicecreamitem.*                    # (default: true) USE Cherry Ice Cream
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cherryitem.*                            # (default: true) USE Cherry
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cherryjellyitem.*                       # (default: true) USE Cherry Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cherryjellysandwichitem.*               # (default: true) USE Cherry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cherryjuiceitem.*                       # (default: true) USE Cherry Juice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cherrypieitem.*                         # (default: true) USE Cherry Pie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cherrysmoothieitem.*                    # (default: true) USE Cherry Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cherrysodaitem.*                        # (default: true) USE Cherry Soda
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cherryyogurtitem.*                      # (default: true) USE Cherry Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chestnutbutteritem.*                    # (default: true) USE Chestnut Butter
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chestnutitem.*                          # (default: true) USE Chestnut
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chickencelerycasseroleitem.*            # (default: true) USE Chicken Celery Casserole
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chickenchowmeinitem.*                   # (default: true) USE Chicken Chow Mein
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chickencurryitem.*                      # (default: true) USE Chicken Curry
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chickengumboitem.*                      # (default: true) USE Chicken Gumbo
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chickennoodlesoupitem.*                 # (default: true) USE Chicken Noodle Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chickenparmasanitem.*                   # (default: true) USE Chicken Parmesan
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chickenpotpieitem.*                     # (default: true) USE Chicken Pot Pie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chickensandwichitem.*                   # (default: true) USE Chicken Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chikorollitem.*                         # (default: true) USE Chiko Roll
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chilichocolateitem.*                    # (default: true) USE Chili Chocolate
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chiliitem.*                             # (default: true) USE Chili
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chilipepperitem.*                       # (default: true) USE Chili Pepper
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chilipepperseeditem.*                   # (default: true) USE Chili Pepper Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chilipoppersitem.*                      # (default: true) USE Chili Poppers
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chocolatebaconitem.*                    # (default: true) USE Chocolate Bacon
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chocolatebaritem.*                      # (default: true) USE Chocolate Bar
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chocolatecaramelfudgeitem.*             # (default: true) USE Chocolate Caramel Fudge
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chocolatecherryitem.*                   # (default: true) USE Chocolate Cherry
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chocolatedonutitem.*                    # (default: true) USE Chocolate Donut
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chocolateicecreamitem.*                 # (default: true) USE Chocolate Ice Cream
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chocolatemilkitem.*                     # (default: true) USE Chocolate Milk
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chocolatemilkshakeitem.*                # (default: true) USE Chocolate Milkshake
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chocolaterollitem.*                     # (default: true) USE Chocolate Roll
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chocolatestrawberryitem.*               # (default: true) USE Chocolate Strawberry
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chocolateyogurtitem.*                   # (default: true) USE Chocolate Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chocovoxelsitem.*                       # (default: true) USE Choco Voxels Cereal
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.chorizoitem.*                           # (default: true) USE Chorizo
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cinnamonappleoatmealitem.*              # (default: true) USE Cinnamon Apple Oatmeal
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cinnamonitem.*                          # (default: true) USE Cinnamon
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cinnamonrollitem.*                      # (default: true) USE Cinnamon Roll
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cinnamonsugardonutitem.*                # (default: true) USE Cinnamon Sugar Donut
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cinnamontoastitem.*                     # (default: true) USE Cinnamon Toast
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.citrussaladitem.*                       # (default: true) USE Citrus Salad
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.clamcookeditem.*                        # (default: true) USE Cooked Clam
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.clamrawitem.*                           # (default: true) USE Raw Clam
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cocoapowderitem.*                       # (default: true) USE Cocoa Powder
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.coconutcreamitem.*                      # (default: true) USE Coconut Cream
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.coconutitem.*                           # (default: true) USE Coconut
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.coconutmilkitem.*                       # (default: true) USE Coconut Milk
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.coconutshrimpitem.*                     # (default: true) USE Coconut Shrimp
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.coconutsmoothieitem.*                   # (default: true) USE Coconut Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.coconutyogurtitem.*                     # (default: true) USE Coconut Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.coffeebeanitem.*                        # (default: true) USE Coffee Beans
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.coffeeconlecheitem.*                    # (default: true) USE Coffee con Leche
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.coffeeitem.*                            # (default: true) USE Cup of Coffee
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.coffeeseeditem.*                        # (default: true) USE Coffee Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.colasodaitem.*                          # (default: true) USE Cola Soda
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.coleslawburgeritem.*                    # (default: true) USE Coleslaw Burger
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.coleslawitem.*                          # (default: true) USE Coleslaw
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cookedtofabbititem.*                    # (default: true) USE Cooked Tofabbit
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cookedtofaconitem.*                     # (default: true) USE Cooked Tofacon
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cookedtofeakitem.*                      # (default: true) USE Cooked Tofeak
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cookedtofeegitem.*                      # (default: true) USE Cooked Tofeeg
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cookedtofenisonitem.*                   # (default: true) USE Cooked Tofenison
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cookedtofickenitem.*                    # (default: true) USE Cooked Toficken
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cookedtofishitem.*                      # (default: true) USE Cooked Tofish
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cookedtofurkeyitem.*                    # (default: true) USE Cooked Tofurkey
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cookedtofuttonitem.*                    # (default: true) USE Cooked Tofutton
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cornbreaditem.*                         # (default: true) USE Cornbread
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cornedbeefhashitem.*                    # (default: true) USE Corned Beef Hash
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cornedbeefitem.*                        # (default: true) USE Corned Beef
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cornflakesitem.*                        # (default: true) USE Cornflakes
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cornishpastyitem.*                      # (default: true) USE Cornish Pasty
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cornitem.*                              # (default: true) USE Corn
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cornmealitem.*                          # (default: true) USE Cornmeal
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cornonthecobitem.*                      # (default: true) USE Corn on the Cob
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cornseeditem.*                          # (default: true) USE Corn Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cottagepieitem.*                        # (default: true) USE Cottage Pie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cottoncandyitem.*                       # (default: true) USE Cotton Candy
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cottonitem.*                            # (default: true) USE Cotton
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cottonseeditem.*                        # (default: true) USE Cotton Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.crabcookeditem.*                        # (default: true) USE Cooked Crab
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.crabrawitem.*                           # (default: true) USE Raw Crab
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.crackeritem.*                           # (default: true) USE Cracker
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.crackersitem.*                          # (default: true) USE Crackers
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cranberrybaritem.*                      # (default: true) USE Cranberry Bar
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cranberryitem.*                         # (default: true) USE Cranberry
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cranberryjellyitem.*                    # (default: true) USE Cranberry Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cranberryjellysandwichitem.*            # (default: true) USE Cranberry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cranberryjuiceitem.*                    # (default: true) USE Cranberry Juice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cranberrysauceitem.*                    # (default: true) USE Cranberry Sauce
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cranberryseeditem.*                     # (default: true) USE Cranberry Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cranberrysmoothieitem.*                 # (default: true) USE Cranberry Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cranberryyogurtitem.*                   # (default: true) USE Cranberry Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.crayfishcookeditem.*                    # (default: true) USE Cooked Crayfish
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.crayfishrawitem.*                       # (default: true) USE Raw Crayfish
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.creamcookieitem.*                       # (default: true) USE Cream Cookie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.creamedbroccolisoupitem.*               # (default: true) USE Creamed Broccoli Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.creamedcornitem.*                       # (default: true) USE Creamed Corn
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.creamofavocadosoupitem.*                # (default: true) USE Cream of Avocado Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.creepercookieitem.*                     # (default: true) USE Creeper Cookie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.creeperwingsitem.*                      # (default: true) USE Creeper Wings
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.croissantitem.*                         # (default: true) USE Croissant
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cucumberitem.*                          # (default: true) USE Cucumber
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cucumbersaladitem.*                     # (default: true) USE Cucumber Salad
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cucumberseeditem.*                      # (default: true) USE Cucumber Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cucumbersoupitem.*                      # (default: true) USE Cucumber Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.curryitem.*                             # (default: true) USE Curry Rice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.curryleafitem.*                         # (default: true) USE Curry Leaf
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.curryleafseeditem.*                     # (default: true) USE Curry Leaf Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.currypowderitem.*                       # (default: true) USE Curry Powder
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.custarditem.*                           # (default: true) USE Custard
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.cuttingboarditem.*                      # (default: true) USE Cutting Board
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.damperitem.*                            # (default: true) USE Damper
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.dateitem.*                              # (default: true) USE Date
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.datenutbreaditem.*                      # (default: true) USE Date Nut Bread
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.delightedmealitem.*                     # (default: true) USE Delighted Meal
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.deluxecheeseburgeritem.*                # (default: true) USE Deluxe Cheeseburger
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.deluxechickencurryitem.*                # (default: true) USE Deluxe Chicken Curry
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.dhalitem.*                              # (default: true) USE Dhal
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.dimsumitem.*                            # (default: true) USE Dim Sum
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.donutitem.*                             # (default: true) USE Donut
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.doughitem.*                             # (default: true) USE Dough
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.dragonfruititem.*                       # (default: true) USE Dragonfruit
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.durianitem.*                            # (default: true) USE Durian
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.durianmilkshakeitem.*                   # (default: true) USE Durian Milkshake
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.durianmuffinitem.*                      # (default: true) USE Durian Muffin
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.ediblerootitem.*                        # (default: true) USE Edible Root
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.eelrawitem.*                            # (default: true) USE Raw Eel
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.eggnogitem.*                            # (default: true) USE Egg Nog
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.eggplantitem.*                          # (default: true) USE Eggplant
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.eggplantparmitem.*                      # (default: true) USE Eggplant Parm
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.eggplantseeditem.*                      # (default: true) USE Eggplant Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.eggsaladitem.*                          # (default: true) USE Egg Salad
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.energydrinkitem.*                       # (default: true) USE Energy Drink
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.epicbaconitem.*                         # (default: true) USE Epic Bacon
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.espressoitem.*                          # (default: true) USE Espresso
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.extremechiliitem.*                      # (default: true) USE Extreme Chili
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.fairybreaditem.*                        # (default: true) USE Fairy Bread
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.figbaritem.*                            # (default: true) USE Fig Bar
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.figitem.*                               # (default: true) USE Fig
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.figjellyitem.*                          # (default: true) USE Fig Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.figjellysandwichitem.*                  # (default: true) USE Fig Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.figjuiceitem.*                          # (default: true) USE Fig Juice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.figsmoothieitem.*                       # (default: true) USE Fig Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.figyogurtitem.*                         # (default: true) USE Fig Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.firmtofuitem.*                          # (default: true) USE Firm Tofu
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.fishandchipsitem.*                      # (default: true) USE Fish and Chips
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.fishdinneritem.*                        # (default: true) USE Fish Dinner
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.fishlettucewrapitem.*                   # (default: true) USE Fish Lettuce Wrap
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.fishsandwichitem.*                      # (default: true) USE Fish Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.fishsticksitem.*                        # (default: true) USE Fish Sticks
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.fishtacoitem.*                          # (default: true) USE Fish Taco
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.fishtrapbaititem.*                      # (default: true) USE Fish Trap Bait
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.fivespiceitem.*                         # (default: true) USE Five Spice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.flouritem.*                             # (default: true) USE Flour
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.footlongitem.*                          # (default: true) USE Footlong
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.frenchtoastitem.*                       # (default: true) USE French Toast
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.freshmilkitem.*                         # (default: true) USE Fresh Milk
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.freshwateritem.*                        # (default: true) USE Fresh Water
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.friedchickenitem.*                      # (default: true) USE Fried Chicken
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.friedeggitem.*                          # (default: true) USE Fried Egg
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.friedonionsitem.*                       # (default: true) USE Fried Onions
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.friedpecanokraitem.*                    # (default: true) USE Fried Pecan Okra
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.friedriceitem.*                         # (default: true) USE Fried Rice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.friesitem.*                             # (default: true) USE Fries
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.frogcookeditem.*                        # (default: true) USE Cooked Frog Legs
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.frograwitem.*                           # (default: true) USE Raw Frog
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.frosteddonutitem.*                      # (default: true) USE Frosted Donut
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.fruitbaititem.*                         # (default: true) USE Fruit Bait
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.fruitcrumbleitem.*                      # (default: true) USE Fruit Crumble
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.fruitpunchitem.*                        # (default: true) USE Fruit Punch
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.fruitsaladitem.*                        # (default: true) USE Fruit Salad
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.futomakiitem.*                          # (default: true) USE Futo Maki
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.garammasalaitem.*                       # (default: true) USE Garam Masala
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.gardensoupitem.*                        # (default: true) USE Garden Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.garlicbreaditem.*                       # (default: true) USE Garlic Bread
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.garlicchickenitem.*                     # (default: true) USE Garlic Chicken
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.garlicitem.*                            # (default: true) USE Garlic
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.garlicmashedpotatoesitem.*              # (default: true) USE Garlic Mashed Potatoes
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.garlicseeditem.*                        # (default: true) USE Garlic Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.generaltsochickenitem.*                 # (default: true) USE General Tso's Chicken
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.gherkinitem.*                           # (default: true) USE Gherkin
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.gingerbreaditem.*                       # (default: true) USE Ginger Bread
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.gingerchickenitem.*                     # (default: true) USE Ginger Chicken
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.gingeredrhubarbtartitem.*               # (default: true) USE Gingered Rhubarb Tart
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.gingeritem.*                            # (default: true) USE Ginger
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.gingerseeditem.*                        # (default: true) USE Ginger Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.gingersnapsitem.*                       # (default: true) USE Ginger Snaps
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.gingersodaitem.*                        # (default: true) USE Ginger Ale
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.glazedcarrotsitem.*                     # (default: true) USE Glazed Carrots
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.gooseberryitem.*                        # (default: true) USE Gooseberry
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.gooseberryjellyitem.*                   # (default: true) USE Gooseberry Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.gooseberryjellysandwichitem.*           # (default: true) USE Gooseberry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.gooseberrymilkshakeitem.*               # (default: true) USE Gooseberry Milkshake
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.gooseberrypieitem.*                     # (default: true) USE Gooseberry Pie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.gooseberrysmoothieitem.*                # (default: true) USE Gooseberry Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.gooseberryyogurtitem.*                  # (default: true) USE Gooseberry Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.grainbaititem.*                         # (default: true) USE Grain Bait
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.grapefruititem.*                        # (default: true) USE Grapefruit
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.grapefruitjellyitem.*                   # (default: true) USE Grapefruit Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.grapefruitjellysandwichitem.*           # (default: true) USE Grapefruit Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.grapefruitjuiceitem.*                   # (default: true) USE Grapfruit Juice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.grapefruitsmoothieitem.*                # (default: true) USE Grapefruit Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.grapefruitsodaitem.*                    # (default: true) USE Grapefruit Soda
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.grapefruityogurtitem.*                  # (default: true) USE Grapefruit Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.grapeitem.*                             # (default: true) USE Grape
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.grapejellyitem.*                        # (default: true) USE Grape Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.grapejuiceitem.*                        # (default: true) USE Grape Juice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.grapesaladitem.*                        # (default: true) USE Grape Salad
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.grapeseeditem.*                         # (default: true) USE Grape Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.grapesmoothieitem.*                     # (default: true) USE Grape Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.grapesodaitem.*                         # (default: true) USE Grape Soda
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.grapeyogurtitem.*                       # (default: true) USE Grape Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.gravyitem.*                             # (default: true) USE Gravy
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.greenheartfishitem.*                    # (default: true) USE Green Heart Fish
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.grilledasparagusitem.*                  # (default: true) USE Grilled Asparagus
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.grilledcheeseitem.*                     # (default: true) USE Grilled Cheese
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.grilledeggplantitem.*                   # (default: true) USE Grilled Eggplant
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.grilledmushroomitem.*                   # (default: true) USE Grilled Mushroom
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.grilledskewersitem.*                    # (default: true) USE Grilled Skewer
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.groundcinnamonitem.*                    # (default: true) USE Ground Cinnamon
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.groundnutmegitem.*                      # (default: true) USE Ground Nutmeg
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.grouperrawitem.*                        # (default: true) USE Raw Grouper
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.grubitem.*                              # (default: true) USE Bee Grub
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.guacamoleitem.*                         # (default: true) USE Guacamole
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.gummybearsitem.*                        # (default: true) USE Gummy Bears
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.hamburgeritem.*                         # (default: true) USE Hamburger
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.hamsweetpicklesandwichitem.*            # (default: true) USE Ham & Sweet Pickle Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.hardenedleatherbootsitem.*              # (default: true) USE Hardened Leather Boots
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.hardenedleatherchestitem.*              # (default: true) USE Hardened Leather Chest
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.hardenedleatherhelmitem.*               # (default: true) USE Hardened Leather Helm
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.hardenedleatheritem.*                   # (default: true) USE Hardened Leather
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.hardenedleatherleggingsitem.*           # (default: true) USE Hardened Leather Leggings
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.hashitem.*                              # (default: true) USE Hash
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.heartybreakfastitem.*                   # (default: true) USE Hearty Breakfast
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.heavycreamitem.*                        # (default: true) USE Heavy Cream
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.herbbutterparsnipsitem.*                # (default: true) USE Herb Butter Parsnips
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.herringrawitem.*                        # (default: true) USE Raw Herring
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.hoisinsauceitem.*                       # (default: true) USE Hoisin Sauce
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.homestylelunchitem.*                    # (default: true) USE Homestyle Lunch
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.honeybreaditem.*                        # (default: true) USE Honey Bread
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.honeybunitem.*                          # (default: true) USE Honeybun
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.honeycombchocolatebaritem.*             # (default: true) USE Honeycomb Chocolate Bar
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.honeycombitem.*                         # (default: true) USE Honeycomb
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.honeyglazedcarrotsitem.*                # (default: true) USE Honey Glazed Carrots
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.honeyglazedhamitem.*                    # (default: true) USE Honey Glazed Ham
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.honeyitem.*                             # (default: true) USE Honey
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.honeylemonlambitem.*                    # (default: true) USE Honey Lemon Lamb
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.honeysandwichitem.*                     # (default: true) USE Honey Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.honeysoyribsitem.*                      # (default: true) USE Honey Soy Ribs
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.hotandsoursoupitem.*                    # (default: true) USE Hot and Sour Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.hotchocolateitem.*                      # (default: true) USE Hot Chocolate
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.hotdogitem.*                            # (default: true) USE Hotdog
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.hotsauceitem.*                          # (default: true) USE Hot Sauce
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.hotwingsitem.*                          # (default: true) USE Hot Wings
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.hummusitem.*                            # (default: true) USE Hummus
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.hushpuppiesitem.*                       # (default: true) USE Hushpuppies
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.icecreamitem.*                          # (default: true) USE Ice Cream
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.ironbrewitem.*                          # (default: true) USE Iron Brew
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.jaffaitem.*                             # (default: true) USE Jaffa
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.jamrollitem.*                           # (default: true) USE Jam Roll
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.jellybeansitem.*                        # (default: true) USE Jellybeans
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.jellydonutitem.*                        # (default: true) USE Jelly Donut
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.jellyfishrawitem.*                      # (default: true) USE Raw Jellyfish
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.juiceritem.*                            # (default: true) USE Juicer
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.ketchupitem.*                           # (default: true) USE Ketchup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.keylimepieitem.*                        # (default: true) USE Keylime Pie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.kimchiitem.*                            # (default: true) USE Kimchi
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.kiwiitem.*                              # (default: true) USE Kiwi
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.kiwijellyitem.*                         # (default: true) USE Kiwi Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.kiwijellysandwichitem.*                 # (default: true) USE Kiwi Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.kiwijuiceitem.*                         # (default: true) USE Kiwi Juice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.kiwiseeditem.*                          # (default: true) USE Kiwi Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.kiwismoothieitem.*                      # (default: true) USE Kiwi Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.kiwiyogurtitem.*                        # (default: true) USE Kiwi Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.kungpaochickenitem.*                    # (default: true) USE Kung Pao Chicken
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.lambbarleysoupitem.*                    # (default: true) USE Lamb Barley Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.lambkebabitem.*                         # (default: true) USE Lamb Kebab
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.lambwithmintsauceitem.*                 # (default: true) USE Lamb with Mint Sauce
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.lasagnaitem.*                           # (default: true) USE Lasagna
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.lavendershortbreaditem.*                # (default: true) USE Lavender Shortbread
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.leafychickensandwichitem.*              # (default: true) USE Leafy Chicken Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.leafyfishsandwichitem.*                 # (default: true) USE Leafy Fish Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.leekbaconsoupitem.*                     # (default: true) USE Leek Bacon Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.leekitem.*                              # (default: true) USE Leek
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.leekseeditem.*                          # (default: true) USE Leek Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.lemonaideitem.*                         # (default: true) USE Lemonade
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.lemonbaritem.*                          # (default: true) USE Lemon Bar
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.lemonchickenitem.*                      # (default: true) USE Lemon Chicken
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.lemondrizzlecakeitem.*                  # (default: true) USE item.lemondrizzlecakeitem.name
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.lemonitem.*                             # (default: true) USE Lemon
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.lemonjellyitem.*                        # (default: true) USE Lemon Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.lemonjellysandwichitem.*                # (default: true) USE Lemon Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.lemonlimesodaitem.*                     # (default: true) USE Lemon-Lime Soda
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.lemonmeringueitem.*                     # (default: true) USE item.lemonmeringueitem.name
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.lemonsmoothieitem.*                     # (default: true) USE Lemon Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.lemonyogurtitem.*                       # (default: true) USE Lemon Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.lettuceitem.*                           # (default: true) USE Lettuce
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.lettuceseeditem.*                       # (default: true) USE Lettuce Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.limeitem.*                              # (default: true) USE Lime
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.limejellyitem.*                         # (default: true) USE Lime Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.limejellysandwichitem.*                 # (default: true) USE Lime Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.limejuiceitem.*                         # (default: true) USE Lime Juice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.limesmoothieitem.*                      # (default: true) USE Lime Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.limeyogurtitem.*                        # (default: true) USE Lime Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.loadedbakedpotatoitem.*                 # (default: true) USE Loaded Baked Potato
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mangochutneyitem.*                      # (default: true) USE Mango Chutney
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mangoitem.*                             # (default: true) USE Mango
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mangojellyitem.*                        # (default: true) USE Mango Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mangojellysandwichitem.*                # (default: true) USE Mango Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mangojuiceitem.*                        # (default: true) USE Mango Juice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mangosmoothieitem.*                     # (default: true) USE Mango Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mangoyogurtitem.*                       # (default: true) USE Mango Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.manjuuitem.*                            # (default: true) USE Manjū
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.maplecandiedbaconitem.*                 # (default: true) USE Maple Candied Bacon
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mapleoatmealitem.*                      # (default: true) USE Maple Oatmeal
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.maplesausageitem.*                      # (default: true) USE Maple Sausage
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.maplesyrupitem.*                        # (default: true) USE Maple Syrup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.maplesyruppancakesitem.*                # (default: true) USE Maple Syrup Pancakes
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.maplesyrupwafflesitem.*                 # (default: true) USE Maple Syrup Waffles
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.marinatedcucumbersitem.*                # (default: true) USE Marinated Cucumbers
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.marshmellowsitem.*                      # (default: true) USE Marshmallows
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.marzipanitem.*                          # (default: true) USE Marzipan
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mashedpotatoesitem.*                    # (default: true) USE Mashed Potatoes
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mashedsweetpotatoesitem.*               # (default: true) USE Mashed Sweet Potatoes
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mayoitem.*                              # (default: true) USE Mayo
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mcpamitem.*                             # (default: true) USE McPam
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.meatfeastpizzaitem.*                    # (default: true) USE Meat Feast Pizza
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.meatloafitem.*                          # (default: true) USE Meatloaf
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.meatpieitem.*                           # (default: true) USE Meat Pie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.meatystewitem.*                         # (default: true) USE Meaty Stew
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.melonjuiceitem.*                        # (default: true) USE Melon Juice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.melonsmoothieitem.*                     # (default: true) USE Melon Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.melonyogurtitem.*                       # (default: true) USE Melon Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mincepieitem.*                          # (default: true) USE Mince Pie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mintchocolatechipicecreamitem.*         # (default: true) USE Mint Chocolate Chip Ice Cream
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mixedsaladitem.*                        # (default: true) USE Mixed Salad
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mixingbowlitem.*                        # (default: true) USE Mixing Bowl
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mochaicecreamitem.*                     # (default: true) USE Mocha Ice Cream
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mochiitem.*                             # (default: true) USE Mochi
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.montecristosandwichitem.*               # (default: true) USE Monte Cristo Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mortarandpestleitem.*                   # (default: true) USE Mortar and Pestle
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mudfishrawitem.*                        # (default: true) USE Raw Mudfish
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.museliitem.*                            # (default: true) USE Muesli
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mushroomlasagnaitem.*                   # (default: true) USE Mushroom Lasagna
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mushroomrisottoitem.*                   # (default: true) USE Mushroom Risotto
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.musselcookeditem.*                      # (default: true) USE Cooked Mussel
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.musselrawitem.*                         # (default: true) USE Raw Mussel
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mustarditem.*                           # (default: true) USE Mustard
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mustardseeditem.*                       # (default: true) USE Mustard Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.mustardseedsitem.*                      # (default: true) USE Mustard Seeds
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.naanitem.*                              # (default: true) USE Naan
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.nachoesitem.*                           # (default: true) USE Nachos
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.neapolitanicecreamitem.*                # (default: true) USE Neapolitan Ice Cream
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.netherwingsitem.*                       # (default: true) USE Nether Wings
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.noodlesitem.*                           # (default: true) USE Noodles
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.nutellaitem.*                           # (default: true) USE Nutella
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.nutmegitem.*                            # (default: true) USE Nutmeg
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.oatsitem.*                              # (default: true) USE Oats
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.oatsseeditem.*                          # (default: true) USE Oats Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.octopuscookeditem.*                     # (default: true) USE Cooked Octopus
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.octopusrawitem.*                        # (default: true) USE Raw Octopus
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.okrachipsitem.*                         # (default: true) USE Okra Chips
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.okracreoleitem.*                        # (default: true) USE Okra Creole
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.okraitem.*                              # (default: true) USE Okra
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.okraseeditem.*                          # (default: true) USE Okra Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.oldworldveggiesoupitem.*                # (default: true) USE Old World Veggie Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.oliveitem.*                             # (default: true) USE Olive
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.oliveoilitem.*                          # (default: true) USE Cooking Oil
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.omeletitem.*                            # (default: true) USE Omelet
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.onionhamburgeritem.*                    # (default: true) USE Onion Hamburger
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.onionitem.*                             # (default: true) USE Onion
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.onionseeditem.*                         # (default: true) USE Onion Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.onionsoupitem.*                         # (default: true) USE Onion Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.orangechickenitem.*                     # (default: true) USE Orange Chicken
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.orangeitem.*                            # (default: true) USE Orange
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.orangejellyitem.*                       # (default: true) USE Orange Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.orangejellysandwichitem.*               # (default: true) USE Orange Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.orangejuiceitem.*                       # (default: true) USE Orange Juice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.orangesmoothieitem.*                    # (default: true) USE Orange Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.orangesodaitem.*                        # (default: true) USE Orange Soda
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.orangeyogurtitem.*                      # (default: true) USE Orange Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.ovenroastedcaulifloweritem.*            # (default: true) USE Oven Roasted Cauliflower
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pancakesitem.*                          # (default: true) USE Pancakes
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.paneeritem.*                            # (default: true) USE Paneer
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.paneertikkamasalaitem.*                 # (default: true) USE Paneer Tikka Masala
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.papayaitem.*                            # (default: true) USE Papaya
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.papayajellyitem.*                       # (default: true) USE Papaya Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.papayajellysandwichitem.*               # (default: true) USE Papaya Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.papayajuiceitem.*                       # (default: true) USE Papaya Juice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.papayasmoothieitem.*                    # (default: true) USE Papaya Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.papayayogurtitem.*                      # (default: true) USE Papaya Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.parsnipitem.*                           # (default: true) USE Parsnip
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.parsnipseeditem.*                       # (default: true) USE Parsnip Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pastaitem.*                             # (default: true) USE Pasta
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.patreonpieitem.*                        # (default: true) USE Patreon Pie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pbandjitem.*                            # (default: true) USE PB&J
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.peaandhamsoupitem.*                     # (default: true) USE Pea and Ham Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.peachcobbleritem.*                      # (default: true) USE Peach Cobbler
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.peachesandcreamoatmealitem.*            # (default: true) USE Peaches and Cream Oatmeal
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.peachitem.*                             # (default: true) USE Peach
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.peachjellyitem.*                        # (default: true) USE Peach Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.peachjellysandwichitem.*                # (default: true) USE Peach Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.peachjuiceitem.*                        # (default: true) USE Peach Juice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.peachsmoothieitem.*                     # (default: true) USE Peach Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.peachyogurtitem.*                       # (default: true) USE Peach Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.peanutbuttercookiesitem.*               # (default: true) USE Peanut Butter Cookies
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.peanutbutteritem.*                      # (default: true) USE Peanut Butter
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.peanutitem.*                            # (default: true) USE Peanut
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.peanutseeditem.*                        # (default: true) USE Peanut Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pearitem.*                              # (default: true) USE Pear
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pearjellyitem.*                         # (default: true) USE Pear Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pearjellysandwichitem.*                 # (default: true) USE Pear Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pearjuiceitem.*                         # (default: true) USE Pear Juice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pearsmoothieitem.*                      # (default: true) USE Pear Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pearyogurtitem.*                        # (default: true) USE Pear Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.peasandceleryitem.*                     # (default: true) USE Peas and Celery
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.peasitem.*                              # (default: true) USE Peas
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.peasseeditem.*                          # (default: true) USE Peas Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pecanitem.*                             # (default: true) USE Pecan
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pecanpieitem.*                          # (default: true) USE Pecan Pie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.peppercornitem.*                        # (default: true) USE Peppercorn
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.peppermintitem.*                        # (default: true) USE Peppermint
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pepperoniitem.*                         # (default: true) USE Pepperoni
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.perchrawitem.*                          # (default: true) USE Raw Perch
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.persimmonitem.*                         # (default: true) USE Persimmon
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.persimmonjellyitem.*                    # (default: true) USE Persimmon Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.persimmonjellysandwichitem.*            # (default: true) USE Persimmon Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.persimmonjuiceitem.*                    # (default: true) USE Persimmon Juice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.persimmonsmoothieitem.*                 # (default: true) USE Persimmon Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.persimmonyogurtitem.*                   # (default: true) USE Persimmon Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pickledbeetsitem.*                      # (default: true) USE Pickled Beets
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pickledonionsitem.*                     # (default: true) USE Pickled Onions
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.picklesitem.*                           # (default: true) USE Pickles
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pinacoladaitem.*                        # (default: true) USE Pinacolada
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pineapplehamitem.*                      # (default: true) USE Pineapple Ham
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pineappleitem.*                         # (default: true) USE Pineapple
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pineappleseeditem.*                     # (default: true) USE Pineapple Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pineappleyogurtitem.*                   # (default: true) USE Pineapple Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pistachiobakedsalmonitem.*              # (default: true) USE Pistachio Baked Salmon
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pistachiobutteritem.*                   # (default: true) USE Pistachio Butter
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pistachioicecreamitem.*                 # (default: true) USE Pistachio Ice Cream
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pistachioitem.*                         # (default: true) USE Pistachio
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pizzaitem.*                             # (default: true) USE Pizza
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pizzasoupitem.*                         # (default: true) USE Pizza Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.plainyogurtitem.*                       # (default: true) USE Plain Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.ploughmanslunchitem.*                   # (default: true) USE Ploughman's Lunch
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.plumitem.*                              # (default: true) USE Plum
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.plumjellyitem.*                         # (default: true) USE Plum Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.plumjellysandwichitem.*                 # (default: true) USE Plum Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.plumjuiceitem.*                         # (default: true) USE Plum Juice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.plumsmoothieitem.*                      # (default: true) USE Plum Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.plumyogurtitem.*                        # (default: true) USE Plum Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.poachedpearitem.*                       # (default: true) USE Poached Pear
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pomegranateitem.*                       # (default: true) USE Pomegranate
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pomegranatejellyitem.*                  # (default: true) USE Pomegranate Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pomegranatejellysandwichitem.*          # (default: true) USE Pomegranate Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pomegranatejuiceitem.*                  # (default: true) USE Pomegranate Juice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pomegranatesmoothieitem.*               # (default: true) USE Pomegranate Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pomegranateyogurtitem.*                 # (default: true) USE Pomegranate Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.popcornitem.*                           # (default: true) USE Popcorn
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.porklettucewrapitem.*                   # (default: true) USE Pork Lettuce Wrap
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.porklomeinitem.*                        # (default: true) USE Pork Lo Mein
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.porksausageitem.*                       # (default: true) USE Pork Sausage
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.potatoandcheesepirogiitem.*             # (default: true) USE Potato and Cheese Pierogi
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.potatoandleeksoupitem.*                 # (default: true) USE Potato and Leek Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.potatocakesitem.*                       # (default: true) USE Potato Cakes
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.potatosaladitem.*                       # (default: true) USE Potato Salad
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.potatosoupitem.*                        # (default: true) USE Potato Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.potitem.*                               # (default: true) USE Pot
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.potroastitem.*                          # (default: true) USE Pot Roast
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.poutineitem.*                           # (default: true) USE Poutine
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.powdereddonutitem.*                     # (default: true) USE Powdered Donut
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pralinesitem.*                          # (default: true) USE Pralines
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pumpkinbreaditem.*                      # (default: true) USE Pumpkin Bread
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pumpkinmuffinitem.*                     # (default: true) USE Pumpkin Muffin
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pumpkinoatsconesitem.*                  # (default: true) USE Pumpkin Oat Scones
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pumpkinsoupitem.*                       # (default: true) USE Pumpkin Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.pumpkinyogurtitem.*                     # (default: true) USE Pumpkin Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.queenbeeitem.*                          # (default: true) USE Queen Bee
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.radishitem.*                            # (default: true) USE Radish
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.radishseeditem.*                        # (default: true) USE Radish Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.rainbowcurryitem.*                      # (default: true) USE Rainbow Curry
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.raisincookiesitem.*                     # (default: true) USE Raisin Cookies
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.raisinsitem.*                           # (default: true) USE Raisins
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.randomtacoitem.*                        # (default: true) USE Random Taco
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.raspberryicedteaitem.*                  # (default: true) USE Raspberry Iced Tea
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.raspberryitem.*                         # (default: true) USE Raspberry
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.raspberryjellyitem.*                    # (default: true) USE Raspberry Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.raspberryjellysandwichitem.*            # (default: true) USE Raspberry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.raspberryjuiceitem.*                    # (default: true) USE Raspberry Juice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.raspberrypieitem.*                      # (default: true) USE Raspberry Pie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.raspberryseeditem.*                     # (default: true) USE Raspberry Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.raspberrysmoothieitem.*                 # (default: true) USE Raspberry Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.raspberrytrifleitem.*                   # (default: true) USE Raspberry Trifle
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.raspberryyogurtitem.*                   # (default: true) USE Raspberry Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.rawtofabbititem.*                       # (default: true) USE Raw Tofabbit
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.rawtofaconitem.*                        # (default: true) USE Raw Tofacon
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.rawtofeakitem.*                         # (default: true) USE Raw Tofeak
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.rawtofeegitem.*                         # (default: true) USE Raw Tofeeg
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.rawtofenisonitem.*                      # (default: true) USE Raw Tofenison
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.rawtofickenitem.*                       # (default: true) USE Raw Toficken
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.rawtofishitem.*                         # (default: true) USE Raw Tofish
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.rawtofurkeyitem.*                       # (default: true) USE Raw Tofurkey
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.rawtofuttonitem.*                       # (default: true) USE Raw Tofutton
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.refriedbeansitem.*                      # (default: true) USE Refried Beans
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.rhubarbitem.*                           # (default: true) USE Rhubarb
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.rhubarbseeditem.*                       # (default: true) USE Rhubarb Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.ricecakeitem.*                          # (default: true) USE Rice Cake
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.riceitem.*                              # (default: true) USE Rice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.riceseeditem.*                          # (default: true) USE Rice Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.ricesoupitem.*                          # (default: true) USE Rice Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.roastchickenitem.*                      # (default: true) USE Roast Chicken
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.roastedchestnutitem.*                   # (default: true) USE Roasted Chestnut
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.roastedpumpkinseedsitem.*               # (default: true) USE Roasted Pumpkin Seeds
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.roastedrootveggiemedleyitem.*           # (default: true) USE Roasted Root Veggie Medley
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.roastpotatoesitem.*                     # (default: true) USE Roast Potatoes
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.rootbeersodaitem.*                      # (default: true) USE Root Beer
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.royaljellyitem.*                        # (default: true) USE Royal Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.rutabagaitem.*                          # (default: true) USE Rutabaga
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.rutabagaseeditem.*                      # (default: true) USE Rutabaga Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.ryeitem.*                               # (default: true) USE Rye
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.ryeseeditem.*                           # (default: true) USE Rye Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.saladdressingitem.*                     # (default: true) USE Salad Dressing
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.salmonpattiesitem.*                     # (default: true) USE Salmon Patties
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.salsaitem.*                             # (default: true) USE Salsa
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.saltedsunflowerseedsitem.*              # (default: true) USE Salted Sunflower Seeds
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.saltitem.*                              # (default: true) USE Salt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.sardinerawitem.*                        # (default: true) USE Raw Sardine
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.sardinesinhotsauceitem.*                # (default: true) USE Sardines in Hot Sauce
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.saucepanitem.*                          # (default: true) USE Saucepan
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.sausageinbreaditem.*                    # (default: true) USE Sausage in Bread
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.sausageitem.*                           # (default: true) USE Sausage
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.sausagerollitem.*                       # (default: true) USE Sausage Roll
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.scallionbakedpotatoitem.*               # (default: true) USE Scallion Baked Potato
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.scallionitem.*                          # (default: true) USE Scallion
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.scallionseeditem.*                      # (default: true) USE Scallion Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.scallopcookeditem.*                     # (default: true) USE Cooked Scallop
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.scalloprawitem.*                        # (default: true) USE Raw Scallop
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.scrambledeggitem.*                      # (default: true) USE Scrambled Egg
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.seaweeditem.*                           # (default: true) USE Seaweed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.seaweedseeditem.*                       # (default: true) USE Seaweed Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.seedsoupitem.*                          # (default: true) USE Seed Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.sesameballitem.*                        # (default: true) USE Sesame Ball
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.sesameoilitem.*                         # (default: true) USE Sesame Oil
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.sesameseedsitem.*                       # (default: true) USE Sesame Seeds
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.sesameseedsseeditem.*                   # (default: true) USE Sesame Seeds Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.sesamesnapsitem.*                       # (default: true) USE Sesame Snaps
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.shepardspieitem.*                       # (default: true) USE Shepherd's Pie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.shrimpcookeditem.*                      # (default: true) USE Cooked Shrimp
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.shrimpokrahushpuppiesitem.*             # (default: true) USE Shrimp Pork Okra Hushpuppies
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.shrimprawitem.*                         # (default: true) USE Raw Shrimp
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.silkentofuitem.*                        # (default: true) USE Silken Tofu
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.skilletitem.*                           # (default: true) USE Skillet
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.snailcookeditem.*                       # (default: true) USE Cooked Snail
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.snailrawitem.*                          # (default: true) USE Raw Snail
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.snapperrawitem.*                        # (default: true) USE Raw Snapper
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.snickersbaritem.*                       # (default: true) USE Snickers Bar
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.softpretzelandmustarditem.*             # (default: true) USE Soft Pretzel and Mustard
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.softpretzelitem.*                       # (default: true) USE Soft Pretzel
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.soybeanitem.*                           # (default: true) USE Soybean
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.soybeanseeditem.*                       # (default: true) USE Soybean Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.soymilkitem.*                           # (default: true) USE Soy Milk
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.soysauceitem.*                          # (default: true) USE Soy Sauce
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.spagettiandmeatballsitem.*              # (default: true) USE Spaghetti and Meatballs
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.spagettiitem.*                          # (default: true) USE Spaghetti
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.spicebunitem.*                          # (default: true) USE Spice Bun
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.spiceleafitem.*                         # (default: true) USE Spice Leaf
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.spiceleafseeditem.*                     # (default: true) USE Spice Leaf Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.spicygreensitem.*                       # (default: true) USE Spicy Greens
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.spicymustardporkitem.*                  # (default: true) USE Spicy Mustard Pork
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.spidereyesoupitem.*                     # (default: true) USE Spider Eye Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.spinachitem.*                           # (default: true) USE Spinach
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.spinachpieitem.*                        # (default: true) USE Spinach Pie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.spinachseeditem.*                       # (default: true) USE Spinach Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.splitpeasoupitem.*                      # (default: true) USE Split Pea Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.springsaladitem.*                       # (default: true) USE Spring Salad
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.spumoniicecreamitem.*                   # (default: true) USE Spumoni Ice Cream
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.starfruititem.*                         # (default: true) USE Starfruit
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.starfruitjellyitem.*                    # (default: true) USE Starfruit Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.starfruitjellysandwichitem.*            # (default: true) USE Starfruit Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.starfruitjuiceitem.*                    # (default: true) USE Starfruit Juice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.starfruitsmoothieitem.*                 # (default: true) USE Starfruit Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.starfruityogurtitem.*                   # (default: true) USE Starfruit Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.steakandchipsitem.*                     # (default: true) USE Steak and Chips
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.steamedpeasitem.*                       # (default: true) USE Steamed Peas
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.steamedspinachitem.*                    # (default: true) USE Steamed Spinach
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.stockitem.*                             # (default: true) USE Stock
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.strawberryicecreamitem.*                # (default: true) USE Strawberry Ice Cream
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.strawberryitem.*                        # (default: true) USE Strawberry
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.strawberryjellyitem.*                   # (default: true) USE Strawberry Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.strawberryjellysandwichitem.*           # (default: true) USE Strawberry Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.strawberryjuiceitem.*                   # (default: true) USE Strawberry Juice
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.strawberrymilkshakeitem.*               # (default: true) USE Strawberry Milkshake
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.strawberrypieitem.*                     # (default: true) USE Strawberry Pie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.strawberrysaladitem.*                   # (default: true) USE Strawberry Salad
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.strawberryseeditem.*                    # (default: true) USE Strawberry Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.strawberrysmoothieitem.*                # (default: true) USE Strawberry Smoothie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.strawberrysodaitem.*                    # (default: true) USE Strawberry Soda
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.strawberryyogurtitem.*                  # (default: true) USE Strawberry Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.stuffedeggplantitem.*                   # (default: true) USE Stuffed Eggplant
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.stuffedmushroomitem.*                   # (default: true) USE Stuffed Mushroom
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.stuffedpepperitem.*                     # (default: true) USE Stuffed Pepper
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.suaderoitem.*                           # (default: true) USE Suadero
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.summerradishsaladitem.*                 # (default: true) USE Summer Radish Salad
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.summersquashwithradishitem.*            # (default: true) USE Summer Squash with Radish
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.sundayroastitem.*                       # (default: true) USE Sunday Roast
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.sunflowerbroccolisaladitem.*            # (default: true) USE Sunflower Broccoli Salad
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.sunflowerseedsitem.*                    # (default: true) USE Sunflower Seeds
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.sunflowerwheatrollsitem.*               # (default: true) USE Sunflower Wheat Rolls
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.supremepizzaitem.*                      # (default: true) USE Supreme Pizza
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.sushiitem.*                             # (default: true) USE Sushi
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.sweetandsourchickenitem.*               # (default: true) USE Sweet and Sour Chicken
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.sweetandsoursauceitem.*                 # (default: true) USE Sweet and Sour Sauce
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.sweetpickleitem.*                       # (default: true) USE Sweet Pickle
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.sweetpotatoitem.*                       # (default: true) USE Sweet Potato
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.sweetpotatopieitem.*                    # (default: true) USE Sweet Potato Pie
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.sweetpotatoseeditem.*                   # (default: true) USE Sweet Potato Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.sweetpotatosouffleitem.*                # (default: true) USE Sweet Potato Souffle
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.sweetteaitem.*                          # (default: true) USE Sweet Tea
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.tacoitem.*                              # (default: true) USE Taco
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.taffyitem.*                             # (default: true) USE Taffy
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.teaitem.*                               # (default: true) USE Cup of Tea
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.tealeafitem.*                           # (default: true) USE Tea Leaf
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.teaseeditem.*                           # (default: true) USE Tea Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.teriyakichickenitem.*                   # (default: true) USE Teriyaki Chicken
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.tilapiarawitem.*                        # (default: true) USE Raw Tilapia
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.timtamitem.*                            # (default: true) USE Tim Tam
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.toadintheholeitem.*                     # (default: true) USE Toad in the Hole
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.toastedcoconutitem.*                    # (default: true) USE Toasted Coconut
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.toastedsesameseedsitem.*                # (default: true) USE Toasted Sesame Seeds
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.toastedwesternitem.*                    # (default: true) USE Toasted Western
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.toastitem.*                             # (default: true) USE Toast
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.toastsandwichitem.*                     # (default: true) USE Toast Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.tomatoitem.*                            # (default: true) USE Tomato
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.tomatoseeditem.*                        # (default: true) USE Tomato Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.tomatosoupitem.*                        # (default: true) USE Tomato Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.tortillaitem.*                          # (default: true) USE Tortilla
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.trailmixitem.*                          # (default: true) USE Trail Mix
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.troutrawitem.*                          # (default: true) USE Raw Trout
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.tunapotatoitem.*                        # (default: true) USE Tuna Potato
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.tunarawitem.*                           # (default: true) USE Raw Tuna
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.turkeycookeditem.*                      # (default: true) USE Cooked Turkey
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.turkeyrawitem.*                         # (default: true) USE Raw Turkey
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.turkishdelightitem.*                    # (default: true) USE Turkish Delight
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.turnipitem.*                            # (default: true) USE Turnip
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.turnipseeditem.*                        # (default: true) USE Turnip Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.turnipsoupitem.*                        # (default: true) USE Turnip Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.turtlecookeditem.*                      # (default: true) USE Cooked Turtle
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.turtlerawitem.*                         # (default: true) USE Raw Turtle
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.vanillabeanitem.*                       # (default: true) USE Vanilla Bean
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.vanillaicecreamitem.*                   # (default: true) USE Vanilla Ice Cream
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.vanillaitem.*                           # (default: true) USE Vanilla
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.vanillayogurtitem.*                     # (default: true) USE Vanilla Yogurt
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.vegemiteitem.*                          # (default: true) USE Vegemite
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.vegemiteontoastitem.*                   # (default: true) USE Vegemite on Toast
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.vegetablesoupitem.*                     # (default: true) USE Vegetable Soup
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.vegetarianlettucewrapitem.*             # (default: true) USE Vegetarian Lettuce Wrap
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.veggiebaititem.*                        # (default: true) USE Veggie Bait
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.veggiestirfryitem.*                     # (default: true) USE Veggie Stirfry
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.veggiestripsitem.*                      # (default: true) USE Veggie Strips
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.venisoncookeditem.*                     # (default: true) USE Cooked Venison
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.venisonrawitem.*                        # (default: true) USE Raw Venison
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.vindalooitem.*                          # (default: true) USE Vindaloo
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.vinegaritem.*                           # (default: true) USE Vinegar
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.wafflesitem.*                           # (default: true) USE Waffles
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.walleyerawitem.*                        # (default: true) USE Raw Walleye
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.walnutitem.*                            # (default: true) USE Walnut
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.walnutraisinbreaditem.*                 # (default: true) USE Walnut Raisin Bread
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.waterchestnutitem.*                     # (default: true) USE Water Chestnut
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.waterchestnutseeditem.*                 # (default: true) USE Water Chestnut Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.watermelonjellyitem.*                   # (default: true) USE Watermelon Jelly
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.watermelonjellysandwichitem.*           # (default: true) USE Watermelon Jelly Sandwich
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.waxcombitem.*                           # (default: true) USE Waxcomb
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.whitemushroomitem.*                     # (default: true) USE White Mushroom
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.whitemushroomseeditem.*                 # (default: true) USE White Mushroom Spore
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.wintersquashitem.*                      # (default: true) USE Winter Squash
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.wintersquashseeditem.*                  # (default: true) USE Winter Squash Seed
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.wovencottonitem.*                       # (default: true) USE Woven Cotton
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.yorkshirepuddingitem.*                  # (default: true) USE Yorkshire Pudding
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.zeppoleitem.*                           # (default: true) USE Zeppole
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.zestyzucchiniitem.*                     # (default: true) USE Zesty Zucchini
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.zombiejerkyitem.*                       # (default: true) USE Zombie Jerky
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.zucchinibakeitem.*                      # (default: true) USE Zucchini Bake
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.zucchinibreaditem.*                     # (default: true) USE Zucchini Bread
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.zucchinifriesitem.*                     # (default: true) USE Zucchini Fries
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.zucchiniitem.*                          # (default: true) USE Zucchini
fe.protection.use.harvestcraft.zucchiniseeditem.*                      # (default: true) USE Zucchini Seed
fe.protection.use.itemblacklist.blacklisted.*                          # (default: true) USE _ERROR_.name
fe.protection.use.justcoins.coin_sack.*                                # (default: true) USE Coin Sack
fe.protection.use.justcoins.copper_coin.*                              # (default: true) USE Copper Coin
fe.protection.use.justcoins.gold_coin.*                                # (default: true) USE Gold Coin
fe.protection.use.justcoins.silver_coin.*                              # (default: true) USE Silver Coin
fe.protection.use.minecraft.acacia_boat.*                              # (default: true) USE Acacia Boat
fe.protection.use.minecraft.acacia_door.*                              # (default: true) USE Acacia Door
fe.protection.use.minecraft.apple.*                                    # (default: true) USE Apple
fe.protection.use.minecraft.armor_stand.*                              # (default: true) USE Armor Stand
fe.protection.use.minecraft.arrow.*                                    # (default: true) USE Arrow
fe.protection.use.minecraft.baked_potato.*                             # (default: true) USE Baked Potato
fe.protection.use.minecraft.bed.*                                      # (default: true) USE Bed
fe.protection.use.minecraft.beef.*                                     # (default: true) USE Raw Beef
fe.protection.use.minecraft.beetroot.*                                 # (default: true) USE Beetroot
fe.protection.use.minecraft.beetroot_seeds.*                           # (default: true) USE Beetroot Seeds
fe.protection.use.minecraft.beetroot_soup.*                            # (default: true) USE Beetroot Soup
fe.protection.use.minecraft.birch_boat.*                               # (default: true) USE Birch Boat
fe.protection.use.minecraft.birch_door.*                               # (default: true) USE Birch Door
fe.protection.use.minecraft.blaze_powder.*                             # (default: true) USE Blaze Powder
fe.protection.use.minecraft.blaze_rod.*                                # (default: true) USE Blaze Rod
fe.protection.use.minecraft.boat.*                                     # (default: true) USE Oak Boat
fe.protection.use.minecraft.bone.*                                     # (default: true) USE Bone
fe.protection.use.minecraft.book.*                                     # (default: true) USE Book
fe.protection.use.minecraft.bow.*                                      # (default: true) USE Bow
fe.protection.use.minecraft.bowl.*                                     # (default: true) USE Bowl
fe.protection.use.minecraft.bread.*                                    # (default: true) USE Bread
fe.protection.use.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                            # (default: true) USE Brewing Stand
fe.protection.use.minecraft.brick.*                                    # (default: true) USE Brick
fe.protection.use.minecraft.bucket.*                                   # (default: true) USE Bucket
fe.protection.use.minecraft.cake.*                                     # (default: true) USE Cake
fe.protection.use.minecraft.carrot.*                                   # (default: true) USE Carrot
fe.protection.use.minecraft.carrot_on_a_stick.*                        # (default: true) USE Carrot on a Stick
fe.protection.use.minecraft.cauldron.*                                 # (default: true) USE Cauldron
fe.protection.use.minecraft.chainmail_boots.*                          # (default: true) USE Chain Boots
fe.protection.use.minecraft.chainmail_chestplate.*                     # (default: true) USE Chain Chestplate
fe.protection.use.minecraft.chainmail_helmet.*                         # (default: true) USE Chain Helmet
fe.protection.use.minecraft.chainmail_leggings.*                       # (default: true) USE Chain Leggings
fe.protection.use.minecraft.chest_minecart.*                           # (default: true) USE Minecart with Chest
fe.protection.use.minecraft.chicken.*                                  # (default: true) USE Raw Chicken
fe.protection.use.minecraft.chorus_fruit.*                             # (default: true) USE Chorus Fruit
fe.protection.use.minecraft.chorus_fruit_popped.*                      # (default: true) USE Popped Chorus Fruit
fe.protection.use.minecraft.clay_ball.*                                # (default: true) USE Clay
fe.protection.use.minecraft.clock.*                                    # (default: true) USE Clock
fe.protection.use.minecraft.coal.*                                     # (default: true) USE Coal
fe.protection.use.minecraft.command_block_minecart.*                   # (default: true) USE Minecart with Command Block
fe.protection.use.minecraft.comparator.*                               # (default: true) USE Redstone Comparator
fe.protection.use.minecraft.compass.*                                  # (default: true) USE Compass
fe.protection.use.minecraft.cooked_beef.*                              # (default: true) USE Steak
fe.protection.use.minecraft.cooked_chicken.*                           # (default: true) USE Cooked Chicken
fe.protection.use.minecraft.cooked_fish.*                              # (default: true) USE Cooked Fish
fe.protection.use.minecraft.cooked_mutton.*                            # (default: true) USE Cooked Mutton
fe.protection.use.minecraft.cooked_porkchop.*                          # (default: true) USE Cooked Porkchop
fe.protection.use.minecraft.cooked_rabbit.*                            # (default: true) USE Cooked Rabbit
fe.protection.use.minecraft.cookie.*                                   # (default: true) USE Cookie
fe.protection.use.minecraft.dark_oak_boat.*                            # (default: true) USE Dark Oak Boat
fe.protection.use.minecraft.dark_oak_door.*                            # (default: true) USE Dark Oak Door
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond.*                                  # (default: true) USE Diamond
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_axe.*                              # (default: true) USE Diamond Axe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_boots.*                            # (default: true) USE Diamond Boots
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_chestplate.*                       # (default: true) USE Diamond Chestplate
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_helmet.*                           # (default: true) USE Diamond Helmet
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_hoe.*                              # (default: true) USE Diamond Hoe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_horse_armor.*                      # (default: true) USE Diamond Horse Armor
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_leggings.*                         # (default: true) USE Diamond Leggings
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_pickaxe.*                          # (default: true) USE Diamond Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_shovel.*                           # (default: true) USE Diamond Shovel
fe.protection.use.minecraft.diamond_sword.*                            # (default: true) USE Diamond Sword
fe.protection.use.minecraft.dragon_breath.*                            # (default: true) USE Dragon's Breath
fe.protection.use.minecraft.dye.*                                      # (default: true) USE Ink Sac
fe.protection.use.minecraft.egg.*                                      # (default: true) USE Egg
fe.protection.use.minecraft.elytra.*                                   # (default: true) USE Elytra
fe.protection.use.minecraft.emerald.*                                  # (default: true) USE Emerald
fe.protection.use.minecraft.enchanted_book.*                           # (default: true) USE Enchanted Book
fe.protection.use.minecraft.end_crystal.*                              # (default: true) USE End Crystal
fe.protection.use.minecraft.ender_eye.*                                # (default: true) USE Eye of Ender
fe.protection.use.minecraft.ender_pearl.*                              # (default: true) USE Ender Pearl
fe.protection.use.minecraft.experience_bottle.*                        # (default: true) USE Bottle o' Enchanting
fe.protection.use.minecraft.feather.*                                  # (default: true) USE Feather
fe.protection.use.minecraft.fermented_spider_eye.*                     # (default: true) USE Fermented Spider Eye
fe.protection.use.minecraft.filled_map.*                               # (default: true) USE Map
fe.protection.use.minecraft.fire_charge.*                              # (default: true) USE Fire Charge
fe.protection.use.minecraft.firework_charge.*                          # (default: true) USE Firework Star
fe.protection.use.minecraft.fireworks.*                                # (default: true) USE Firework Rocket
fe.protection.use.minecraft.fish.*                                     # (default: true) USE Raw Fish
fe.protection.use.minecraft.fishing_rod.*                              # (default: true) USE Fishing Rod
fe.protection.use.minecraft.flint.*                                    # (default: true) USE Flint
fe.protection.use.minecraft.flint_and_steel.*                          # (default: true) USE Flint and Steel
fe.protection.use.minecraft.flower_pot.*                               # (default: true) USE Flower Pot
fe.protection.use.minecraft.furnace_minecart.*                         # (default: true) USE Minecart with Furnace
fe.protection.use.minecraft.ghast_tear.*                               # (default: true) USE Ghast Tear
fe.protection.use.minecraft.glass_bottle.*                             # (default: true) USE Glass Bottle
fe.protection.use.minecraft.glowstone_dust.*                           # (default: true) USE Glowstone Dust
fe.protection.use.minecraft.gold_ingot.*                               # (default: true) USE Gold Ingot
fe.protection.use.minecraft.gold_nugget.*                              # (default: true) USE Gold Nugget
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_apple.*                             # (default: true) USE Golden Apple
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_axe.*                               # (default: true) USE Golden Axe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_boots.*                             # (default: true) USE Golden Boots
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_carrot.*                            # (default: true) USE Golden Carrot
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_chestplate.*                        # (default: true) USE Golden Chestplate
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_helmet.*                            # (default: true) USE Golden Helmet
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_hoe.*                               # (default: true) USE Golden Hoe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_horse_armor.*                       # (default: true) USE Gold Horse Armor
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_leggings.*                          # (default: true) USE Golden Leggings
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_pickaxe.*                           # (default: true) USE Golden Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_shovel.*                            # (default: true) USE Golden Shovel
fe.protection.use.minecraft.golden_sword.*                             # (default: true) USE Golden Sword
fe.protection.use.minecraft.gunpowder.*                                # (default: true) USE Gunpowder
fe.protection.use.minecraft.hopper_minecart.*                          # (default: true) USE Minecart with Hopper
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_axe.*                                 # (default: true) USE Iron Axe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_boots.*                               # (default: true) USE Iron Boots
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_chestplate.*                          # (default: true) USE Iron Chestplate
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_door.*                                # (default: true) USE Iron Door
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_helmet.*                              # (default: true) USE Iron Helmet
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_hoe.*                                 # (default: true) USE Iron Hoe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_horse_armor.*                         # (default: true) USE Iron Horse Armor
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_ingot.*                               # (default: true) USE Iron Ingot
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_leggings.*                            # (default: true) USE Iron Leggings
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_pickaxe.*                             # (default: true) USE Iron Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_shovel.*                              # (default: true) USE Iron Shovel
fe.protection.use.minecraft.iron_sword.*                               # (default: true) USE Iron Sword
fe.protection.use.minecraft.item_frame.*                               # (default: true) USE Item Frame
fe.protection.use.minecraft.jungle_boat.*                              # (default: true) USE Jungle Boat
fe.protection.use.minecraft.jungle_door.*                              # (default: true) USE Jungle Door
fe.protection.use.minecraft.lava_bucket.*                              # (default: true) USE Lava Bucket
fe.protection.use.minecraft.lead.*                                     # (default: true) USE Lead
fe.protection.use.minecraft.leather.*                                  # (default: true) USE Leather
fe.protection.use.minecraft.leather_boots.*                            # (default: true) USE Leather Boots
fe.protection.use.minecraft.leather_chestplate.*                       # (default: true) USE Leather Tunic
fe.protection.use.minecraft.leather_helmet.*                           # (default: true) USE Leather Cap
fe.protection.use.minecraft.leather_leggings.*                         # (default: true) USE Leather Pants
fe.protection.use.minecraft.lingering_potion.*                         # (default: true) USE Lingering Water Bottle
fe.protection.use.minecraft.magma_cream.*                              # (default: true) USE Magma Cream
fe.protection.use.minecraft.map.*                                      # (default: true) USE Empty Map
fe.protection.use.minecraft.melon.*                                    # (default: true) USE Melon
fe.protection.use.minecraft.melon_seeds.*                              # (default: true) USE Melon Seeds
fe.protection.use.minecraft.milk_bucket.*                              # (default: true) USE Milk
fe.protection.use.minecraft.minecart.*                                 # (default: true) USE Minecart
fe.protection.use.minecraft.mushroom_stew.*                            # (default: true) USE Mushroom Stew
fe.protection.use.minecraft.mutton.*                                   # (default: true) USE Raw Mutton
fe.protection.use.minecraft.name_tag.*                                 # (default: true) USE Name Tag
fe.protection.use.minecraft.nether_star.*                              # (default: true) USE Nether Star
fe.protection.use.minecraft.nether_wart.*                              # (default: true) USE Nether Wart
fe.protection.use.minecraft.netherbrick.*                              # (default: true) USE Nether Brick
fe.protection.use.minecraft.painting.*                                 # (default: true) USE Painting
fe.protection.use.minecraft.paper.*                                    # (default: true) USE Paper
fe.protection.use.minecraft.poisonous_potato.*                         # (default: true) USE Poisonous Potato
fe.protection.use.minecraft.porkchop.*                                 # (default: true) USE Raw Porkchop
fe.protection.use.minecraft.potato.*                                   # (default: true) USE Potato
fe.protection.use.minecraft.potion.*                                   # (default: true) USE Water Bottle
fe.protection.use.minecraft.prismarine_crystals.*                      # (default: true) USE Prismarine Crystals
fe.protection.use.minecraft.prismarine_shard.*                         # (default: true) USE Prismarine Shard
fe.protection.use.minecraft.pumpkin_pie.*                              # (default: true) USE Pumpkin Pie
fe.protection.use.minecraft.pumpkin_seeds.*                            # (default: true) USE Pumpkin Seeds
fe.protection.use.minecraft.quartz.*                                   # (default: true) USE Nether Quartz
fe.protection.use.minecraft.rabbit.*                                   # (default: true) USE Raw Rabbit
fe.protection.use.minecraft.rabbit_foot.*                              # (default: true) USE Rabbit's Foot
fe.protection.use.minecraft.rabbit_hide.*                              # (default: true) USE Rabbit Hide
fe.protection.use.minecraft.rabbit_stew.*                              # (default: true) USE Rabbit Stew
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_11.*                                # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_13.*                                # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_blocks.*                            # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_cat.*                               # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_chirp.*                             # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_far.*                               # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_mall.*                              # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_mellohi.*                           # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_stal.*                              # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_strad.*                             # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_wait.*                              # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.record_ward.*                              # (default: true) USE Music Disc
fe.protection.use.minecraft.redstone.*                                 # (default: true) USE Redstone
fe.protection.use.minecraft.reeds.*                                    # (default: true) USE Sugar Canes
fe.protection.use.minecraft.repeater.*                                 # (default: true) USE Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.use.minecraft.rotten_flesh.*                             # (default: true) USE Rotten Flesh
fe.protection.use.minecraft.saddle.*                                   # (default: true) USE Saddle
fe.protection.use.minecraft.shears.*                                   # (default: true) USE Shears
fe.protection.use.minecraft.shield.*                                   # (default: true) USE Shield
fe.protection.use.minecraft.sign.*                                     # (default: true) USE Sign
fe.protection.use.minecraft.skull.*                                    # (default: true) USE Skeleton Skull
fe.protection.use.minecraft.slime_ball.*                               # (default: true) USE Slimeball
fe.protection.use.minecraft.snowball.*                                 # (default: true) USE Snowball
fe.protection.use.minecraft.spawn_egg.*                                # (default: true) USE Spawn
fe.protection.use.minecraft.speckled_melon.*                           # (default: true) USE Glistering Melon
fe.protection.use.minecraft.spectral_arrow.*                           # (default: true) USE Spectral Arrow
fe.protection.use.minecraft.spider_eye.*                               # (default: true) USE Spider Eye
fe.protection.use.minecraft.splash_potion.*                            # (default: true) USE Splash Water Bottle
fe.protection.use.minecraft.spruce_boat.*                              # (default: true) USE Spruce Boat
fe.protection.use.minecraft.spruce_door.*                              # (default: true) USE Spruce Door
fe.protection.use.minecraft.stick.*                                    # (default: true) USE Stick
fe.protection.use.minecraft.stone_axe.*                                # (default: true) USE Stone Axe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.stone_hoe.*                                # (default: true) USE Stone Hoe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.stone_pickaxe.*                            # (default: true) USE Stone Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.stone_shovel.*                             # (default: true) USE Stone Shovel
fe.protection.use.minecraft.stone_sword.*                              # (default: true) USE Stone Sword
fe.protection.use.minecraft.string.*                                   # (default: true) USE String
fe.protection.use.minecraft.sugar.*                                    # (default: true) USE Sugar
fe.protection.use.minecraft.tipped_arrow.*                             # (default: true) USE Arrow of Splashing
fe.protection.use.minecraft.tnt_minecart.*                             # (default: true) USE Minecart with TNT
fe.protection.use.minecraft.water_bucket.*                             # (default: true) USE Water Bucket
fe.protection.use.minecraft.wheat.*                                    # (default: true) USE Wheat
fe.protection.use.minecraft.wheat_seeds.*                              # (default: true) USE Seeds
fe.protection.use.minecraft.wooden_axe.*                               # (default: true) USE Wooden Axe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.wooden_door.*                              # (default: true) USE Oak Door
fe.protection.use.minecraft.wooden_hoe.*                               # (default: true) USE Wooden Hoe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.wooden_pickaxe.*                           # (default: true) USE Wooden Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.minecraft.wooden_shovel.*                            # (default: true) USE Wooden Shovel
fe.protection.use.minecraft.wooden_sword.*                             # (default: true) USE Wooden Sword
fe.protection.use.minecraft.writable_book.*                            # (default: true) USE Book and Quill
fe.protection.use.minecraft.written_book.*                             # (default: true) USE Written Book
fe.protection.use.storagedrawers.drawerKey.*                           # (default: true) USE Drawer Key
fe.protection.use.storagedrawers.personalKey.*                         # (default: true) USE Personal Key
fe.protection.use.storagedrawers.quantify_key.*                        # (default: true) USE Quantify Key
fe.protection.use.storagedrawers.shroudKey.*                           # (default: true) USE Concealment Key
fe.protection.use.storagedrawers.tape.*                                # (default: true) USE Packing Tape
fe.protection.use.storagedrawers.upgradeCreative.*                     # (default: true) USE Creative Storage Upgrade
fe.protection.use.storagedrawers.upgradeOneStack.*                     # (default: true) USE Storage Downgrade
fe.protection.use.storagedrawers.upgradeRedstone.*                     # (default: true) USE Redstone Upgrade
fe.protection.use.storagedrawers.upgradeStatus.*                       # (default: true) USE Status Upgrade (I)
fe.protection.use.storagedrawers.upgradeStorage.*                      # (default: true) USE Storage Upgrade (I)
fe.protection.use.storagedrawers.upgradeTemplate.*                     # (default: true) USE Upgrade Template
fe.protection.use.storagedrawers.upgradeVoid.*                         # (default: true) USE Void Upgrade
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.arrow.*                                   # (default: true) USE Arrow
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.arrow_head.*                              # (default: true) USE Arrow Head
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.arrow_shaft.*                             # (default: true) USE Arrow Shaft
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.axe_head.*                                # (default: true) USE Axe Head
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.battlesign.*                              # (default: true) USE Battlesign
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.binding.*                                 # (default: true) USE Binding
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.bolt.*                                    # (default: true) USE Bolt
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.bolt_core.*                               # (default: true) USE Bolt Core
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.book.*                                    # (default: true) USE Materials and You
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.bow_limb.*                                # (default: true) USE Bowlimb
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.bow_string.*                              # (default: true) USE Bowstring
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.broad_axe_head.*                          # (default: true) USE Broad Axe Head
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.broadsword.*                              # (default: true) USE Broadsword
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.cast.*                                    # (default: true) USE Blank Cast
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.cast_custom.*                             # (default: true) USE Ingot Cast
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.clay_cast.*                               # (default: true) USE item.tconstruct.clay_cast.blank
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.cleaver.*                                 # (default: true) USE Cleaver
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.cross_guard.*                             # (default: true) USE Cross Guard
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.crossbow.*                                # (default: true) USE Crossbow
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.edible.*                                  # (default: true) USE Bacon
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.excavator.*                               # (default: true) USE Excavator
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.excavator_head.*                          # (default: true) USE Excavator Head
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.fancy_frame.*                             # (default: true) USE Fancy Item Frame
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.fletching.*                               # (default: true) USE Fletching
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.frypan.*                                  # (default: true) USE Frypan
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.hammer.*                                  # (default: true) USE Hammer
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.hammer_head.*                             # (default: true) USE Hammer Head
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.hand_guard.*                              # (default: true) USE Hand Guard
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.hatchet.*                                 # (default: true) USE Hatchet
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.ingots.*                                  # (default: true) USE Cobalt Ingot
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.knife_blade.*                             # (default: true) USE Knife Blade
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.large_plate.*                             # (default: true) USE Large Plate
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.large_sword_blade.*                       # (default: true) USE Large Sword Blade
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.longbow.*                                 # (default: true) USE Longbow
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.longsword.*                               # (default: true) USE Longsword
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.lumberaxe.*                               # (default: true) USE Lumberaxe
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.materials.*                               # (default: true) USE Seared Brick
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.mattock.*                                 # (default: true) USE Mattock
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.moms_spaghetti.*                          # (default: true) USE Mom's Spaghetti
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.nuggets.*                                 # (default: true) USE Cobalt Nugget
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.pan_head.*                                # (default: true) USE Pan
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.pattern.*                                 # (default: true) USE Blank Pattern
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.pick_head.*                               # (default: true) USE Pickaxe Head
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.pickaxe.*                                 # (default: true) USE Pickaxe
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.piggybackpack.*                           # (default: true) USE Piggybackpack
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.rapier.*                                  # (default: true) USE Rapier
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.scythe.*                                  # (default: true) USE Scythe
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.scythe_head.*                             # (default: true) USE Scythe Head
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.shard.*                                   # (default: true) USE Shard
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.sharpening_kit.*                          # (default: true) USE Sharpening Kit
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.shortbow.*                                # (default: true) USE Shortbow
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.shovel.*                                  # (default: true) USE Shovel
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.shovel_head.*                             # (default: true) USE Shovel Head
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.shuriken.*                                # (default: true) USE Shuriken
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.sign_head.*                               # (default: true) USE Sign Plate
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.slime_boots.*                             # (default: true) USE Slime Boots
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.slimesling.*                              # (default: true) USE Slimesling
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.spaghetti.*                               # (default: true) USE Impossibly Hard Wheat Sticks
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.stone_stick.*                             # (default: true) USE Stone Rod
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.sword_blade.*                             # (default: true) USE Sword Blade
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.throwball.*                               # (default: true) USE Glowball
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.tool_rod.*                                # (default: true) USE Tool Rod
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.tough_binding.*                           # (default: true) USE Tough Binding
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.tough_tool_rod.*                          # (default: true) USE Tough Tool Rod
fe.protection.use.tconstruct.wide_guard.*                              # (default: true) USE Wide Guard
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.alkahestry_tome.*                         # (default: true) USE item.alkahestry_tome.name
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.angelheart_vial.*                         # (default: true) USE item.angelheart_vial.name
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.angelic_feather.*                         # (default: true) USE item.angelic_feather.name
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.attraction_potion.*                       # (default: true) USE item.attraction_potion.name
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.bullet.*                                  # (default: true) USE item.bullet_0.name
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.destruction_catalyst.*                    # (default: true) USE item.destruction_catalyst.name
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.emperor_chalice.*                         # (default: true) USE item.emperor_chalice.name
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.ender_staff.*                             # (default: true) USE item.ender_staff.name
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.fertile_potion.*                          # (default: true) USE item.fertile_potion.name
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.fortune_coin.*                            # (default: true) USE item.fortune_coin.name
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.glacial_staff.*                           # (default: true) USE item.glacial_staff.name
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.glowing_bread.*                           # (default: true) USE item.glowing_bread.name
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.glowing_water.*                           # (default: true) USE item.glowing_water.name
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.gun_part.*                                # (default: true) USE item.gun_part_0.name
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.handgun.*                                 # (default: true) USE item.handgun.name
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.harvest_rod.*                             # (default: true) USE item.harvest_rod.name
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.heart_zhu.*                               # (default: true) USE item.heart_zhu_0.name
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.hero_medallion.*                          # (default: true) USE item.hero_medallion.name
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.holy_hand_grenade.*                       # (default: true) USE item.holy_hand_grenade.name
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.ice_magus_rod.*                           # (default: true) USE item.ice_magus_rod.name
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.infernal_chalice.*                        # (default: true) USE item.infernal_chalice.name
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.infernal_claws.*                          # (default: true) USE item.infernal_claws.name
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.infernal_tear.*                           # (default: true) USE item.infernal_tear.name
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.kraken_shell.*                            # (default: true) USE item.kraken_shell.name
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.lantern_of_paranoia.*                     # (default: true) USE item.lantern_of_paranoia.name
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.magazine.*                                # (default: true) USE item.magazine_0.name
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.magicbane.*                               # (default: true) USE item.magicbane.name
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.mercy_cross.*                             # (default: true) USE item.mercy_cross.name
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.midas_touchstone.*                        # (default: true) USE item.midas_touchstone.name
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.mob_charm.*                               # (default: true) USE item.mob_charm_-1.name
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.mob_charm_belt.*                          # (default: true) USE item.mob_charm_belt.name
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.mob_charm_fragment.*                      # (default: true) USE item.mob_charm_fragment_0.name
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.mob_ingredient.*                          # (default: true) USE item.mob_ingredient_0.name
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.phoenix_down.*                            # (default: true) USE item.phoenix_down.name
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.potion.*                                  # (default: true) USE item.potion_empty.name
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.potion_essence.*                          # (default: true) USE item.potion_essence.name
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.pyromancer_staff.*                        # (default: true) USE item.pyromancer_staff.name
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.rending_gale.*                            # (default: true) USE item.rending_gale.name
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.rod_of_lyssa.*                            # (default: true) USE item.rod_of_lyssa.name
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.salamander_eye.*                          # (default: true) USE item.salamander_eye.name
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.serpent_staff.*                           # (default: true) USE item.serpent_staff.name
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.shears_of_winter.*                        # (default: true) USE item.shears_of_winter.name
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.sojourner_staff.*                         # (default: true) USE item.sojourner_staff.name
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.tipped_arrow.*                            # (default: true) USE Tipped Arrow
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.twilight_cloak.*                          # (default: true) USE item.twilight_cloak.name
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.void_tear.*                               # (default: true) USE item.void_tear.name
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.void_tear_empty.*                         # (default: true) USE item.void_tear_empty.name
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.witch_hat.*                               # (default: true) USE item.witch_hat.name
fe.protection.use.xreliquary.witherless_rose.*                         # (default: true) USE item.witherless_rose.name
