#// -------- PERMISSIONS LIST BLOCKS ------- \\#
#// --------------- 24.09 09:42 ------------ \\#
#// ----------- Total amount: 11796 --------- \\#
#// ---------------------------------------- \\#
fe.protection.break.*                                                  # (default: true) Allow breaking blocks
fe.protection.break.agricraft.crop.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.agricraft:crop.name
fe.protection.break.agricraft.grate.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.agricraft:grate.name
fe.protection.break.agricraft.seed_analyzer.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Seed Analyzer
fe.protection.break.agricraft.sprinkler.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Sprinkler
fe.protection.break.agricraft.water_channel_full.*                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.agricraft:water_channel_full.name
fe.protection.break.agricraft.water_channel_normal.*                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.agricraft:water_channel_normal.name
fe.protection.break.agricraft.water_channel_valve.*                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.agricraft:water_channel_valve.name
fe.protection.break.agricraft.water_pad.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Water Pad
fe.protection.break.agricraft.water_tank.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.agricraft:water_tank.name
fe.protection.break.armorplus.black_stone_brick.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Black Stone Brick
fe.protection.break.armorplus.black_stone_brick_corner.*               # (default: true) BREAK Black Stone Brick Corner
fe.protection.break.armorplus.black_stone_brick_tower.*                # (default: true) BREAK Black Stone Brick Tower
fe.protection.break.armorplus.block_lava_crystal.*                     # (default: true) BREAK Ore Lava Crystal
fe.protection.break.armorplus.blue_stone_brick.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Blue Stone Brick
fe.protection.break.armorplus.blue_stone_brick_corner.*                # (default: true) BREAK Blue Stone Brick Corner
fe.protection.break.armorplus.blue_stone_brick_tower.*                 # (default: true) BREAK Blue Stone Brick Tower
fe.protection.break.armorplus.compressed_obsidian.*                    # (default: true) BREAK Compressed Obsidian
fe.protection.break.armorplus.electrical_block.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Electrical Block
fe.protection.break.armorplus.green_stone_brick.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Green Stone Brick
fe.protection.break.armorplus.green_stone_brick_corner.*               # (default: true) BREAK Green Stone Brick Corner
fe.protection.break.armorplus.green_stone_brick_tower.*                # (default: true) BREAK Green Stone Brick Tower
fe.protection.break.armorplus.high_tech_bench.*                        # (default: true) BREAK High-Tech Bench
fe.protection.break.armorplus.lava_cactus.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Lava Cactus
fe.protection.break.armorplus.lava_crystal_block.*                     # (default: true) BREAK Block of Lava Crystal
fe.protection.break.armorplus.lava_crystal_block_charged.*             # (default: true) BREAK Block of Charged Lava Crystal
fe.protection.break.armorplus.lava_nether_brick.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Lava Nether Brick
fe.protection.break.armorplus.purple_stone_brick.*                     # (default: true) BREAK Purple Stone Brick
fe.protection.break.armorplus.purple_stone_brick_corner.*              # (default: true) BREAK Purple Stone Brick Corner
fe.protection.break.armorplus.purple_stone_brick_tower.*               # (default: true) BREAK Purple Stone Brick Tower
fe.protection.break.armorplus.red_stone_brick.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Red Stone Brick
fe.protection.break.armorplus.red_stone_brick_corner.*                 # (default: true) BREAK Red Stone Brick Corner
fe.protection.break.armorplus.red_stone_brick_tower.*                  # (default: true) BREAK Red Stone Brick Tower
fe.protection.break.armorplus.spawner_ender_dragon_zombie.*            # (default: true) BREAK Spawner Ender Dragon Zombie
fe.protection.break.armorplus.spawner_guardian.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Spawner Guardian
fe.protection.break.armorplus.steel_block.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Block of Steel
fe.protection.break.armorplus.ulti_tech_bench.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Ulti-Tech Bench
fe.protection.break.armorplus.white_stone_brick.*                      # (default: true) BREAK White Stone Brick
fe.protection.break.armorplus.white_stone_brick_corner.*               # (default: true) BREAK White Stone Brick Corner
fe.protection.break.armorplus.white_stone_brick_tower.*                # (default: true) BREAK White Stone Brick Tower
fe.protection.break.armorplus.workbench.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Workbench
fe.protection.break.armorplus.yellow_stone_brick.*                     # (default: true) BREAK Yellow Stone Brick
fe.protection.break.armorplus.yellow_stone_brick_corner.*              # (default: true) BREAK Yellow Stone Brick Corner
fe.protection.break.armorplus.yellow_stone_brick_tower.*               # (default: true) BREAK Yellow Stone Brick Tower
fe.protection.break.aroma1997sdimension.aromicPortal.*                 # (default: true) BREAK Mining Portal
fe.protection.break.aroma1997sdimension.portalFrame.*                  # (default: true) BREAK Portal Frame
fe.protection.break.aroma1997sdimension.stickyOre.*                    # (default: true) BREAK Sticky Ore
fe.protection.break.backpacks16840.backpack_block.*                    # (default: true) BREAK Backpack
fe.protection.break.backpacks16840.quantum_chest.*                     # (default: true) BREAK Quantum Chest
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.ArmorStand.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:ArmorStand.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.Bookcase.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:Bookcase.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.BookcaseCreative.*                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:BookcaseCreative.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.Case.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:Case.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.Desk.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:Desk.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.DinnerPlate.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Dinner Plate
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.DiscRack.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Disc Rack
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.FancySign.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:FancySign.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.FancyWorkbench.*                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:FancyWorkbench.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.FramedChest.*                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:FramedChest.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.FurniturePaneler.*                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:FurniturePaneler.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.Label.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:Label.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.MapFrame.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:MapFrame.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.PotionShelf.*                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:PotionShelf.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.Seat.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:Seat.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.Shelf.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:Shelf.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.SwordPedestal.*                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:SwordPedestal.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.Table.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:Table.name
fe.protection.break.bibliocraft.ToolRack.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.BiblioCraft:ToolRack.name
fe.protection.break.chisel.andesite.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Andesite
fe.protection.break.chisel.andesite1.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Andesite
fe.protection.break.chisel.andesite2.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Andesite
fe.protection.break.chisel.antiblock.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Antiblock
fe.protection.break.chisel.auto_chisel.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Auto Chisel
fe.protection.break.chisel.basalt.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Basalt
fe.protection.break.chisel.basalt1.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Basalt
fe.protection.break.chisel.basaltextra.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Basalt
fe.protection.break.chisel.blockAluminum.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Block of Aluminum
fe.protection.break.chisel.blockBronze.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Block of Bronze
fe.protection.break.chisel.blockCobalt.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Block of Cobalt
fe.protection.break.chisel.blockCopper.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Block of Copper
fe.protection.break.chisel.blockElectrum.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Block of Electrum
fe.protection.break.chisel.blockGold.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Block of Gold
fe.protection.break.chisel.blockInvar.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Block of Invar
fe.protection.break.chisel.blockIron.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Block of Iron
fe.protection.break.chisel.blockLead.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Block of Lead
fe.protection.break.chisel.blockNickel.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Block of Nickel
fe.protection.break.chisel.blockPlatinum.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Block of Platinum
fe.protection.break.chisel.blockSilver.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Block of Silver
fe.protection.break.chisel.blockSteel.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Block of Steel
fe.protection.break.chisel.blockTin.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Block of Tin
fe.protection.break.chisel.blockUranium.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Block of Uranium
fe.protection.break.chisel.block_charcoal.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.break.chisel.block_charcoal1.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.break.chisel.block_charcoal2.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.break.chisel.block_coal.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Block of Coal
fe.protection.break.chisel.block_coal1.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Block of Coal
fe.protection.break.chisel.block_coal2.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Block of Coal
fe.protection.break.chisel.block_coal_coke.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Block of Coal Coke
fe.protection.break.chisel.block_coal_coke1.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Block of Coal Coke
fe.protection.break.chisel.block_coal_coke2.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Block of Coal Coke
fe.protection.break.chisel.bloodMagic.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Chiseled Blood Rune
fe.protection.break.chisel.bookshelf_acacia.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Acacia Bookshelf
fe.protection.break.chisel.bookshelf_birch.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Birch Bookshelf
fe.protection.break.chisel.bookshelf_darkoak.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Dark Oak Bookshelf
fe.protection.break.chisel.bookshelf_jungle.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Jungle Bookshelf
fe.protection.break.chisel.bookshelf_oak.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Oak Bookshelf
fe.protection.break.chisel.bookshelf_spruce.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Spruce Bookshelf
fe.protection.break.chisel.bricks.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Bricks
fe.protection.break.chisel.bricks1.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Bricks
fe.protection.break.chisel.bricksextra.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Bricks
fe.protection.break.chisel.brownstone.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Brownstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.carpet_black.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Black Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.carpet_blue.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Blue Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.carpet_brown.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Brown Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.carpet_cyan.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Cyan Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.carpet_gray.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Gray Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.carpet_green.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Green Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.carpet_lightblue.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Light Blue Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.carpet_lightgray.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Light Gray Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.carpet_lime.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Lime Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.carpet_magenta.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Magenta Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.carpet_orange.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Orange Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.carpet_pink.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Pink Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.carpet_purple.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Purple Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.carpet_red.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Red Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.carpet_white.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.carpet_yellow.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Yellow Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.cloud.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Cloud
fe.protection.break.chisel.cobblestone.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Cobblestone
fe.protection.break.chisel.cobblestone1.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Cobblestone
fe.protection.break.chisel.cobblestoneextra.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Cobblestone
fe.protection.break.chisel.cobblestonemossy.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Mossy Cobblestone
fe.protection.break.chisel.cobblestonemossy1.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Mossy Cobblestone
fe.protection.break.chisel.cobblestonemossy2.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Mossy Cobblestone
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_black.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Black Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_black1.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Black Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_black2.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Black Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_blue.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Blue Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_blue1.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Blue Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_blue2.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Blue Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_brown.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Brown Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_brown1.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Brown Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_brown2.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Brown Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_cyan.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Cyan Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_cyan1.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Cyan Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_cyan2.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Cyan Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_gray.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Gray Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_gray1.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Gray Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_gray2.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Gray Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_green.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Green Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_green1.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Green Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_green2.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Green Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_lightblue.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Light Blue Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_lightblue1.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Light Blue Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_lightblue2.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Light Blue Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_lightgray.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Light Gray Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_lightgray1.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Light Gray Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_lightgray2.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Light Gray Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_lime.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Lime Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_lime1.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Lime Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_lime2.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Lime Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_magenta.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Magenta Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_magenta1.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Magenta Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_magenta2.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Magenta Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_orange.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Orange Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_orange1.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Orange Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_orange2.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Orange Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_pink.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Pink Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_pink1.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Pink Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_pink2.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Pink Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_powder.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Concrete Powder
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_purple.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Purple Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_purple1.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Purple Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_purple2.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Purple Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_red.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Red Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_red1.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Red Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_red2.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Red Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_white.*                            # (default: true) BREAK White Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_white1.*                           # (default: true) BREAK White Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_white2.*                           # (default: true) BREAK White Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_yellow.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Yellow Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_yellow1.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Yellow Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.concrete_yellow2.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Yellow Concrete
fe.protection.break.chisel.diamond.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Block of Diamond
fe.protection.break.chisel.diorite.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Diorite
fe.protection.break.chisel.diorite1.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Diorite
fe.protection.break.chisel.diorite2.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Diorite
fe.protection.break.chisel.dirt.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Dirt
fe.protection.break.chisel.emerald.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Block of Emerald
fe.protection.break.chisel.endstone.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Endstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.endstone1.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Endstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.endstoneextra.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Endstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.energizedVoidstone.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Primal Voidstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.factory.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Factory Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.factory1.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Factory Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.futura.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Futura Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.glass.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.glassdyedblack.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Black Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.glassdyedblue.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Blue Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.glassdyedbrown.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Brown Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.glassdyedcyan.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Cyan Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.glassdyedgray.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Gray Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.glassdyedgreen.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Green Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.glassdyedlightblue.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Light Blue Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.glassdyedlightgray.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Light Gray Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.glassdyedlime.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Lime Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.glassdyedmagenta.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Magenta Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.glassdyedorange.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Orange Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.glassdyedpink.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Pink Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.glassdyedpurple.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Purple Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.glassdyedred.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Red Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.glassdyedwhite.*                            # (default: true) BREAK White Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.glassdyedyellow.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Yellow Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.chisel.glowstone.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Glowstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.glowstone1.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Glowstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.glowstone2.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Glowstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.gold.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Block of Gold
fe.protection.break.chisel.granite.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Granite
fe.protection.break.chisel.granite1.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Granite
fe.protection.break.chisel.granite2.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Granite
fe.protection.break.chisel.hardenedclay.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Hardened Clay
fe.protection.break.chisel.hardenedclay1.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Hardened Clay
fe.protection.break.chisel.hardenedclayextra.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Hardened Clay
fe.protection.break.chisel.ice.*                                       # (default: true) BREAK Ice
fe.protection.break.chisel.ice1.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Ice
fe.protection.break.chisel.ice2.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Ice
fe.protection.break.chisel.icepillar.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Ice Pillar
fe.protection.break.chisel.iron.*                                      # (default: true) BREAK Block of Iron
fe.protection.break.chisel.ironpane.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Iron Bars
fe.protection.break.chisel.laboratory.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Laboratory Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.lapis.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.lavastone.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Lavastone
fe.protection.break.chisel.lavastone1.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Lavastone
fe.protection.break.chisel.lavastone2.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Lavastone
fe.protection.break.chisel.limestone.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Limestone
fe.protection.break.chisel.limestone1.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Limestone
fe.protection.break.chisel.limestoneextra.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Limestone
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Marble
fe.protection.break.chisel.marble1.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Marble
fe.protection.break.chisel.marbleextra.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Marble
fe.protection.break.chisel.marblepillar.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Marble Pillar
fe.protection.break.chisel.netherbrick.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Nether Bricks
fe.protection.break.chisel.netherrack.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Netherrack
fe.protection.break.chisel.obsidian.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Obsidian
fe.protection.break.chisel.paper.*                                     # (default: true) BREAK Paper Wall
fe.protection.break.chisel.planks-acacia.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Acacia Planks
fe.protection.break.chisel.planks-birch.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Birch Planks
fe.protection.break.chisel.planks-dark-oak.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Dark Oak Planks
fe.protection.break.chisel.planks-jungle.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Jungle Planks
fe.protection.break.chisel.planks-oak.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Oak Planks
fe.protection.break.chisel.planks-spruce.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Spruce Planks
fe.protection.break.chisel.prismarine.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Prismarine
fe.protection.break.chisel.prismarine1.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Prismarine
fe.protection.break.chisel.prismarineextra.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Prismarine
fe.protection.break.chisel.purpur.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Purpur Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.purpur1.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Purpur Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.purpurextra.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Purpur Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.quartz.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Block of Quartz
fe.protection.break.chisel.quartz1.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Block of Quartz
fe.protection.break.chisel.redstone.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Block of Redstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.redstone1.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Block of Redstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.sandstone-scribbles.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Sandstone Scribbles
fe.protection.break.chisel.sandstonered.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Red Sandstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.sandstonered1.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Red Sandstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.sandstoneredextra.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Red Sandstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.sandstoneyellow.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Sandstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.sandstoneyellow1.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Sandstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.sandstoneyellowextra.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Sandstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.stonebrick.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Chiseled Stone
fe.protection.break.chisel.stonebrick1.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Chiseled Stone
fe.protection.break.chisel.stonebrickextra.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Chiseled Stone
fe.protection.break.chisel.technical.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Factory Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.technical1.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Factory Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.technicalNew.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Factory Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.temple.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Temple Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.templemossy.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Mossy Temple Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.tyrian.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Tyrian
fe.protection.break.chisel.valentines.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Valentines' Block
fe.protection.break.chisel.voidstone.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Voidstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.voidstoneRunic.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Runed Voidstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.waterstone.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Waterstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.waterstone1.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Waterstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.waterstone2.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Waterstone
fe.protection.break.chisel.wool_black.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Black Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.wool_blue.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Blue Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.wool_brown.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Brown Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.wool_cyan.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Cyan Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.wool_gray.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Gray Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.wool_green.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Green Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.wool_lightblue.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Light Blue Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.wool_lightgray.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Light Gray Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.wool_lime.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Lime Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.wool_magenta.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Magenta Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.wool_orange.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Orange Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.wool_pink.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Pink Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.wool_purple.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Purple Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.wool_red.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Red Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.wool_white.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Wool
fe.protection.break.chisel.wool_yellow.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Yellow Wool
fe.protection.break.customnpcs.npcBanner.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Banner
fe.protection.break.customnpcs.npcBarrel.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Barrel
fe.protection.break.customnpcs.npcBeam.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Beam
fe.protection.break.customnpcs.npcBigSign.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Big Sign
fe.protection.break.customnpcs.npcBloodBlock.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Blood Block
fe.protection.break.customnpcs.npcBook.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Book
fe.protection.break.customnpcs.npcBorder.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Border
fe.protection.break.customnpcs.npcBuilderBlock.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Builder Block
fe.protection.break.customnpcs.npcCampfire.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Campfire
fe.protection.break.customnpcs.npcCampfireUnlit.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Campfire
fe.protection.break.customnpcs.npcCandle.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Candle
fe.protection.break.customnpcs.npcCandleUnlit.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Candle
fe.protection.break.customnpcs.npcCarpentyBench.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Carpentry Bench
fe.protection.break.customnpcs.npcChair.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Chair
fe.protection.break.customnpcs.npcCopyBlock.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Copy Block
fe.protection.break.customnpcs.npcCouchWood.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Couch
fe.protection.break.customnpcs.npcCouchWool.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Wool Couch
fe.protection.break.customnpcs.npcCrate.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Crate
fe.protection.break.customnpcs.npcCrystalBlock.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Crystal
fe.protection.break.customnpcs.npcLamp.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Lamp
fe.protection.break.customnpcs.npcLampUnlit.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Lamp
fe.protection.break.customnpcs.npcMailbox.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Mailbox
fe.protection.break.customnpcs.npcPedestal.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Pedestal
fe.protection.break.customnpcs.npcPlaceholder.*                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.npcPlaceholder.name
fe.protection.break.customnpcs.npcRedstoneBlock.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Block
fe.protection.break.customnpcs.npcScripted.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Scripted Block
fe.protection.break.customnpcs.npcScriptedDoor.*                       # (default: true) BREAK item.npcScriptedDoor.name
fe.protection.break.customnpcs.npcShelf.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Shelf
fe.protection.break.customnpcs.npcSign.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Sign
fe.protection.break.customnpcs.npcStool.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Stool
fe.protection.break.customnpcs.npcTable.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Table
fe.protection.break.customnpcs.npcTallLamp.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Tall Lamp
fe.protection.break.customnpcs.npcTombstone.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Tombstone
fe.protection.break.customnpcs.npcTradingBlock.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Trading Block
fe.protection.break.customnpcs.npcWallBanner.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Wall Banner
fe.protection.break.customnpcs.npcWaypoint.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Location Quest Block
fe.protection.break.customnpcs.npcWeaponRack.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Weapon Rack
fe.protection.break.denseores.minecraft_coal_ore_0.*                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.denseores:minecraft_coal_ore_0.name
fe.protection.break.denseores.minecraft_diamond_ore_0.*                # (default: true) BREAK tile.denseores:minecraft_diamond_ore_0.name
fe.protection.break.denseores.minecraft_emerald_ore_0.*                # (default: true) BREAK tile.denseores:minecraft_emerald_ore_0.name
fe.protection.break.denseores.minecraft_gold_ore_0.*                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.denseores:minecraft_gold_ore_0.name
fe.protection.break.denseores.minecraft_iron_ore_0.*                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.denseores:minecraft_iron_ore_0.name
fe.protection.break.denseores.minecraft_lapis_ore_0.*                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.denseores:minecraft_lapis_ore_0.name
fe.protection.break.denseores.minecraft_quartz_ore_0.*                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.denseores:minecraft_quartz_ore_0.name
fe.protection.break.denseores.minecraft_redstone_ore_0.*               # (default: true) BREAK tile.denseores:minecraft_redstone_ore_0.name
fe.protection.break.disenchanter.disenchantmentTable.*                 # (default: true) BREAK Disenchantment Table
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.almond_sapling.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Almond Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.apiary.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Apiary
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.apple_sapling.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Apple Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.apricot_sapling.*                     # (default: true) BREAK Apricot Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.aridgarden.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Arid Garden
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.avocado_sapling.*                     # (default: true) BREAK Avocado Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.banana_sapling.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Banana Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.beehive.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Beehive
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.candledeco1.*                         # (default: true) BREAK White Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.candledeco10.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Cyan Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.candledeco11.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Purple Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.candledeco12.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Blue Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.candledeco13.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Brown Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.candledeco14.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Green Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.candledeco15.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Red Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.candledeco16.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Black Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.candledeco2.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Orange Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.candledeco3.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Magenta Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.candledeco4.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Light Blue Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.candledeco5.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Yellow Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.candledeco6.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Lime Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.candledeco7.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Pink Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.candledeco8.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Dark Grey Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.candledeco9.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Light Grey Candle
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.carrotcake.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Carrot Cake
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.cashew_sapling.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Cashew Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.cheesecake.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Cheese Cake
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.cherry_sapling.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Cherry Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.cherrycheesecake.*                    # (default: true) BREAK Cherry Cheese Cake
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.chestnut_sapling.*                    # (default: true) BREAK Chestnut Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.chocolatesprinklecake.*               # (default: true) BREAK Chocolate Sprinkles Cake
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.cinnamon_sapling.*                    # (default: true) BREAK Cinnamon Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.coconut_sapling.*                     # (default: true) BREAK Coconut Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.date_sapling.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Date Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.dragonfruit_sapling.*                 # (default: true) BREAK Dragonfruit Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.durian_sapling.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Durian Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.fig_sapling.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Fig Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.frostgarden.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Frost Garden
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.gooseberry_sapling.*                  # (default: true) BREAK Gooseberry Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.grapefruit_sapling.*                  # (default: true) BREAK Grapefruit Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.groundtrap.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Ground Trap
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.holidaycake.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Holiday Cake
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.honey.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Honey Block
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.honeycomb.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Honeycomb Block
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.lamingtoncake.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Lamington
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.lemon_sapling.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Lemon Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.lime_sapling.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Lime Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.mango_sapling.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Mango Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.maple_sapling.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Maple Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.market.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Market
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.nutmeg_sapling.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Nutmeg Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.olive_sapling.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Olive Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.orange_sapling.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Orange Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamalmond.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Almond
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamapple.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Apple
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamapricot.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Apricot
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamartichokecrop.*                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamartichokecrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamasparaguscrop.*                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamasparaguscrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamavocado.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Avocado
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pambambooshootcrop.*                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.pambambooshootcrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pambanana.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Banana
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pambarleycrop.*                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.pambarleycrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pambeancrop.*                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.pambeancrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pambeetcrop.*                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.pambeetcrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pambellpeppercrop.*                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.pambellpeppercrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamblackberrycrop.*                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamblackberrycrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamblueberrycrop.*                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamblueberrycrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pambroccolicrop.*                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.pambroccolicrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pambrusselsproutcrop.*                # (default: true) BREAK tile.pambrusselsproutcrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcabbagecrop.*                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamcabbagecrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcactusfruitcrop.*                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamcactusfruitcrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcandleberrycrop.*                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamcandleberrycrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcantaloupecrop.*                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamcantaloupecrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcashew.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Cashew
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcauliflowercrop.*                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamcauliflowercrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcelerycrop.*                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamcelerycrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcherry.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Cherry
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamchestnut.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Chestnut
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamchilipeppercrop.*                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamchilipeppercrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcinnamon.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Cinnamon Wood
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcoconut.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Coconut
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcoffeebeancrop.*                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamcoffeebeancrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcorncrop.*                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamcorncrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcottoncrop.*                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamcottoncrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcranberrycrop.*                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamcranberrycrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcucumbercrop.*                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamcucumbercrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamcurryleafcrop.*                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamcurryleafcrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamdate.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Date
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamdragonfruit.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Dragonfruit
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamdurian.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Durian
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pameggplantcrop.*                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.pameggplantcrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamfig.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Fig
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamgarliccrop.*                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamgarliccrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamgingercrop.*                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamgingercrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamgooseberry.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Gooseberry
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamgrapecrop.*                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamgrapecrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamgrapefruit.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Grapefruit
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamkiwicrop.*                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamkiwicrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamleekcrop.*                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamleekcrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamlemon.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Lemon
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamlettucecrop.*                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamlettucecrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamlime.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Lime
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pammango.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Mango
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pammaple.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Maple Wood
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pammustardseedscrop.*                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.pammustardseedscrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamnutmeg.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Nutmeg
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamoatscrop.*                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamoatscrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamokracrop.*                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamokracrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamolive.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Olive
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamonioncrop.*                        # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamonioncrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamorange.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Orange
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampapaya.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Papaya
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampaperbark.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Paperbark Wood
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamparsnipcrop.*                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamparsnipcrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampeach.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Peach
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampeanutcrop.*                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.pampeanutcrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampear.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Pear
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampeascrop.*                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.pampeascrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampecan.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Pecan
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampeppercorn.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Peppercorn
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampersimmon.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Persimmon
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampineapplecrop.*                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.pampineapplecrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampistachio.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Pistachio
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamplum.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Plum
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pampomegranate.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Pomegranate
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamradishcrop.*                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamradishcrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamraspberrycrop.*                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamraspberrycrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamrhubarbcrop.*                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamrhubarbcrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamricecrop.*                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamricecrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamrutabagacrop.*                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamrutabagacrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamryecrop.*                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamryecrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamscallioncrop.*                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamscallioncrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamseaweedcrop.*                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamseaweedcrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamsesameseedscrop.*                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamsesameseedscrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamsoybeancrop.*                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamsoybeancrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamspiceleafcrop.*                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamspiceleafcrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamspinachcrop.*                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamspinachcrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamstarfruit.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Starfruit
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamstrawberrycrop.*                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamstrawberrycrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamsweetpotatocrop.*                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamsweetpotatocrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamtealeafcrop.*                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamtealeafcrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamtomatocrop.*                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamtomatocrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamturnipcrop.*                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamturnipcrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamvanillabean.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Vanilla Bean
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamwalnut.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Walnut
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamwaterchestnutcrop.*                # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamwaterchestnutcrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamwhitemushroomcrop.*                # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamwhitemushroomcrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamwintersquashcrop.*                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamwintersquashcrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pamzucchinicrop.*                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.pamzucchinicrop.name
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.papaya_sapling.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Papaya Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.paperbark_sapling.*                   # (default: true) BREAK Paperbark Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pavlovacake.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Pavlova
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.peach_sapling.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Peach Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pear_sapling.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Pear Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pecan_sapling.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Pecan Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.peppercorn_sapling.*                  # (default: true) BREAK Peppercorn Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.persimmon_sapling.*                   # (default: true) BREAK Persimmon Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pineappleupsidedowncake.*             # (default: true) BREAK Pineapple Upside Down Cake
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pistachio_sapling.*                   # (default: true) BREAK Pistachio Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.plum_sapling.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Plum Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pomegranate_sapling.*                 # (default: true) BREAK Pomegranate Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pressedwax.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Pressed Wax Block
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.presser.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Presser
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.pumpkincheesecake.*                   # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin Cheese Cake
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.redvelvetcake.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Red Velvet Cake
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.shadedgarden.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Shaded Garden
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.shippingbin.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Shipping Bin
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.soggygarden.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Soggy Garden
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.starfruit_sapling.*                   # (default: true) BREAK Starfruit Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.tropicalgarden.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Tropical Garden
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.vanillabean_sapling.*                 # (default: true) BREAK Vanilla Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.walnut_sapling.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Walnut Sapling
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.watertrap.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Water Trap
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.waxcomb.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Waxcomb Block
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.well.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Well
fe.protection.break.harvestcraft.windygarden.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Windy Garden
fe.protection.break.minecraft.acacia_door.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Acacia Door
fe.protection.break.minecraft.acacia_fence.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Acacia Fence
fe.protection.break.minecraft.acacia_fence_gate.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Acacia Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.minecraft.acacia_stairs.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Acacia Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.activator_rail.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Activator Rail
fe.protection.break.minecraft.air.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.air.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.anvil.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Anvil
fe.protection.break.minecraft.barrier.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Barrier
fe.protection.break.minecraft.beacon.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Beacon
fe.protection.break.minecraft.bed.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Bed
fe.protection.break.minecraft.bedrock.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Bedrock
fe.protection.break.minecraft.beetroots.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Beetroots
fe.protection.break.minecraft.birch_door.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Birch Door
fe.protection.break.minecraft.birch_fence.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Birch Fence
fe.protection.break.minecraft.birch_fence_gate.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Birch Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.minecraft.birch_stairs.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Birch Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.bone_block.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Bone Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.bookshelf.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Bookshelf
fe.protection.break.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Brewing Stand
fe.protection.break.minecraft.brick_block.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Bricks
fe.protection.break.minecraft.brick_stairs.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.brown_mushroom.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Mushroom
fe.protection.break.minecraft.brown_mushroom_block.*                   # (default: true) BREAK Mushroom
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cactus.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Cactus
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cake.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Cake
fe.protection.break.minecraft.carpet.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Carpet
fe.protection.break.minecraft.carrots.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Carrots
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cauldron.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Cauldron
fe.protection.break.minecraft.chain_command_block.*                    # (default: true) BREAK Chain Command Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.chest.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Chest
fe.protection.break.minecraft.chorus_flower.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Chorus Flower
fe.protection.break.minecraft.chorus_plant.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Chorus Plant
fe.protection.break.minecraft.clay.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Clay
fe.protection.break.minecraft.coal_block.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Block of Coal
fe.protection.break.minecraft.coal_ore.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Coal Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cobblestone.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Cobblestone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cobblestone_wall.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Cobblestone Wall
fe.protection.break.minecraft.cocoa.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Cocoa
fe.protection.break.minecraft.command_block.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Command Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.crafting_table.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Crafting Table
fe.protection.break.minecraft.dark_oak_door.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Dark Oak Door
fe.protection.break.minecraft.dark_oak_fence.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Dark Oak Fence
fe.protection.break.minecraft.dark_oak_fence_gate.*                    # (default: true) BREAK Dark Oak Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.minecraft.dark_oak_stairs.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Dark Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.daylight_detector.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.break.minecraft.daylight_detector_inverted.*             # (default: true) BREAK Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.break.minecraft.deadbush.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Dead Bush
fe.protection.break.minecraft.detector_rail.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Detector Rail
fe.protection.break.minecraft.diamond_block.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Block of Diamond
fe.protection.break.minecraft.diamond_ore.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Diamond Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.dirt.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Dirt
fe.protection.break.minecraft.dispenser.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Dispenser
fe.protection.break.minecraft.double_plant.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Plant
fe.protection.break.minecraft.double_stone_slab.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Stone Slab
fe.protection.break.minecraft.double_stone_slab2.*                     # (default: true) BREAK Red Sandstone Slab
fe.protection.break.minecraft.double_wooden_slab.*                     # (default: true) BREAK Wood Slab
fe.protection.break.minecraft.dragon_egg.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Dragon Egg
fe.protection.break.minecraft.dropper.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Dropper
fe.protection.break.minecraft.emerald_block.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Block of Emerald
fe.protection.break.minecraft.emerald_ore.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Emerald Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.enchanting_table.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Enchantment Table
fe.protection.break.minecraft.end_bricks.*                             # (default: true) BREAK End Stone Bricks
fe.protection.break.minecraft.end_gateway.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.end_portal.*                             # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.end_portal_frame.*                       # (default: true) BREAK End Portal
fe.protection.break.minecraft.end_rod.*                                # (default: true) BREAK End Rod
fe.protection.break.minecraft.end_stone.*                              # (default: true) BREAK End Stone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.ender_chest.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Ender Chest
fe.protection.break.minecraft.farmland.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Farmland
fe.protection.break.minecraft.fence.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Oak Fence
fe.protection.break.minecraft.fence_gate.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Oak Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.minecraft.fire.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Fire
fe.protection.break.minecraft.flower_pot.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Flower Pot
fe.protection.break.minecraft.flowing_lava.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Lava
fe.protection.break.minecraft.flowing_water.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Water
fe.protection.break.minecraft.frosted_ice.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Frosted Ice
fe.protection.break.minecraft.furnace.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Furnace
fe.protection.break.minecraft.glass.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Glass
fe.protection.break.minecraft.glass_pane.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.minecraft.glowstone.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Glowstone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.gold_block.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Block of Gold
fe.protection.break.minecraft.gold_ore.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Gold Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.golden_rail.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Powered Rail
fe.protection.break.minecraft.grass.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Grass Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.grass_path.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Grass Path
fe.protection.break.minecraft.gravel.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Gravel
fe.protection.break.minecraft.hardened_clay.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Hardened Clay
fe.protection.break.minecraft.hay_block.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Hay Bale
fe.protection.break.minecraft.heavy_weighted_pressure_plate.*          # (default: true) BREAK Weighted Pressure Plate (Heavy)
fe.protection.break.minecraft.hopper.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Hopper
fe.protection.break.minecraft.ice.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Ice
fe.protection.break.minecraft.iron_bars.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Iron Bars
fe.protection.break.minecraft.iron_block.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Block of Iron
fe.protection.break.minecraft.iron_door.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Iron Door
fe.protection.break.minecraft.iron_ore.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Iron Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.iron_trapdoor.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Iron Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.minecraft.jukebox.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Jukebox
fe.protection.break.minecraft.jungle_door.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Jungle Door
fe.protection.break.minecraft.jungle_fence.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Jungle Fence
fe.protection.break.minecraft.jungle_fence_gate.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Jungle Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.minecraft.jungle_stairs.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Jungle Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.ladder.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Ladder
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lapis_block.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lapis_ore.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Lapis Lazuli Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lava.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Lava
fe.protection.break.minecraft.leaves.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Leaves
fe.protection.break.minecraft.leaves2.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Leaves
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lever.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Lever
fe.protection.break.minecraft.light_weighted_pressure_plate.*          # (default: true) BREAK Weighted Pressure Plate (Light)
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lit_furnace.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Furnace
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lit_pumpkin.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lit_redstone_lamp.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.break.minecraft.lit_redstone_ore.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.log.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Wood
fe.protection.break.minecraft.log2.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Wood
fe.protection.break.minecraft.magma.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Magma Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.melon_block.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Melon
fe.protection.break.minecraft.melon_stem.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin Stem
fe.protection.break.minecraft.mob_spawner.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Monster Spawner
fe.protection.break.minecraft.monster_egg.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Stone Monster Egg
fe.protection.break.minecraft.mossy_cobblestone.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Moss Stone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.mycelium.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Mycelium
fe.protection.break.minecraft.nether_brick.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Nether Brick
fe.protection.break.minecraft.nether_brick_fence.*                     # (default: true) BREAK Nether Brick Fence
fe.protection.break.minecraft.nether_brick_stairs.*                    # (default: true) BREAK Nether Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.nether_wart.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Nether Wart
fe.protection.break.minecraft.nether_wart_block.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Nether Wart Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.netherrack.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Netherrack
fe.protection.break.minecraft.noteblock.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Note Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.oak_stairs.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.obsidian.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Obsidian
fe.protection.break.minecraft.packed_ice.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Packed Ice
fe.protection.break.minecraft.piston.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Piston
fe.protection.break.minecraft.piston_extension.*                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.null.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.piston_head.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Piston
fe.protection.break.minecraft.planks.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Planks
fe.protection.break.minecraft.portal.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Portal
fe.protection.break.minecraft.potatoes.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Potatoes
fe.protection.break.minecraft.powered_comparator.*                     # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Comparator
fe.protection.break.minecraft.powered_repeater.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.break.minecraft.prismarine.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Prismarine
fe.protection.break.minecraft.pumpkin.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin
fe.protection.break.minecraft.pumpkin_stem.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Pumpkin Stem
fe.protection.break.minecraft.purpur_block.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Purpur Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.purpur_double_slab.*                     # (default: true) BREAK Purpur Slab
fe.protection.break.minecraft.purpur_pillar.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Purpur Pillar
fe.protection.break.minecraft.purpur_slab.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Purpur Slab
fe.protection.break.minecraft.purpur_stairs.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Purpur Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.quartz_block.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Block of Quartz
fe.protection.break.minecraft.quartz_ore.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Nether Quartz Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.quartz_stairs.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.rail.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Rail
fe.protection.break.minecraft.red_flower.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Flower
fe.protection.break.minecraft.red_mushroom.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Mushroom
fe.protection.break.minecraft.red_mushroom_block.*                     # (default: true) BREAK Mushroom
fe.protection.break.minecraft.red_nether_brick.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Red Nether Brick
fe.protection.break.minecraft.red_sandstone.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Red Sandstone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.red_sandstone_stairs.*                   # (default: true) BREAK Red Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.redstone_block.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Block of Redstone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.redstone_lamp.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.break.minecraft.redstone_ore.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Ore
fe.protection.break.minecraft.redstone_torch.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Torch
fe.protection.break.minecraft.redstone_wire.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Dust
fe.protection.break.minecraft.reeds.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Sugar cane
fe.protection.break.minecraft.repeating_command_block.*                # (default: true) BREAK Repeating Command Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.sand.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Sand
fe.protection.break.minecraft.sandstone.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Sandstone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.sandstone_stairs.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.sapling.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Oak Sapling
fe.protection.break.minecraft.sea_lantern.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Sea Lantern
fe.protection.break.minecraft.skull.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.skull.skeleton.name
fe.protection.break.minecraft.slime.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Slime Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.snow.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Snow
fe.protection.break.minecraft.snow_layer.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Snow
fe.protection.break.minecraft.soul_sand.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Soul Sand
fe.protection.break.minecraft.sponge.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Sponge
fe.protection.break.minecraft.spruce_door.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Spruce Door
fe.protection.break.minecraft.spruce_fence.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Spruce Fence
fe.protection.break.minecraft.spruce_fence_gate.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Spruce Fence Gate
fe.protection.break.minecraft.spruce_stairs.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Spruce Wood Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stained_glass.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stained_glass_pane.*                     # (default: true) BREAK Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stained_hardened_clay.*                  # (default: true) BREAK Stained Hardened Clay
fe.protection.break.minecraft.standing_banner.*                        # (default: true) BREAK White Banner
fe.protection.break.minecraft.standing_sign.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Sign
fe.protection.break.minecraft.sticky_piston.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Sticky Piston
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stone.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Stone
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stone_brick_stairs.*                     # (default: true) BREAK Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stone_button.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Button
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stone_pressure_plate.*                   # (default: true) BREAK Stone Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stone_slab.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Stone Slab
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stone_slab2.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Red Sandstone Slab
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stone_stairs.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.break.minecraft.stonebrick.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Stone Bricks
fe.protection.break.minecraft.structure_block.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Structure Block
fe.protection.break.minecraft.structure_void.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Structure Void
fe.protection.break.minecraft.tallgrass.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Grass
fe.protection.break.minecraft.tnt.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK TNT
fe.protection.break.minecraft.torch.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Torch
fe.protection.break.minecraft.trapdoor.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.minecraft.trapped_chest.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Trapped Chest
fe.protection.break.minecraft.tripwire.*                               # (default: true) BREAK Tripwire
fe.protection.break.minecraft.tripwire_hook.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Tripwire Hook
fe.protection.break.minecraft.unlit_redstone_torch.*                   # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Torch
fe.protection.break.minecraft.unpowered_comparator.*                   # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Comparator
fe.protection.break.minecraft.unpowered_repeater.*                     # (default: true) BREAK Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.break.minecraft.vine.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Vines
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wall_banner.*                            # (default: true) BREAK White Banner
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wall_sign.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Sign
fe.protection.break.minecraft.water.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Water
fe.protection.break.minecraft.waterlily.*                              # (default: true) BREAK Lily Pad
fe.protection.break.minecraft.web.*                                    # (default: true) BREAK Cobweb
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wheat.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Crops
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wooden_button.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Button
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wooden_door.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Oak Door
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wooden_pressure_plate.*                  # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Pressure Plate
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wooden_slab.*                            # (default: true) BREAK Wood Slab
fe.protection.break.minecraft.wool.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK Wool
fe.protection.break.minecraft.yellow_flower.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Flower
fe.protection.break.storagedrawers.basicDrawers.*                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.basicDrawers.name
fe.protection.break.storagedrawers.compDrawers.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Compacting Drawer
fe.protection.break.storagedrawers.controller.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Drawer Controller
fe.protection.break.storagedrawers.controllerSlave.*                   # (default: true) BREAK Controller Slave
fe.protection.break.storagedrawers.customDrawers.*                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.customDrawers.name
fe.protection.break.storagedrawers.customTrim.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Framed Trim
fe.protection.break.storagedrawers.framingTable.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Framing Table
fe.protection.break.storagedrawers.keybutton.*                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.keybutton.name
fe.protection.break.storagedrawers.trim.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.trim.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.blood.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Blood
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.blueslime.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Liquid Blue Slime
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.brownstone.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.brownstone.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.brownstone_slab.*                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.brownstone_slab.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.brownstone_slab2.*                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.brownstone_slab2.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick.*               # (default: true) BREAK Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick_cracked.*       # (default: true) BREAK Cracked Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick_fancy.*         # (default: true) BREAK Fancy Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick_small.*         # (default: true) BREAK Small Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick_square.*        # (default: true) BREAK Square Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick_triangle.*      # (default: true) BREAK Triangle Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_creeper.*             # (default: true) BREAK Brownstone Creeperface Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_paver.*               # (default: true) BREAK Brownstone Paver Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_road.*                # (default: true) BREAK Brownstone Road Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_rough.*               # (default: true) BREAK Rough Brownstone Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_smooth.*              # (default: true) BREAK Smooth Brownstone Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_tile.*                # (default: true) BREAK Brownstone Tile Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.casting.*                               # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.casting.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.clear_glass.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Clear Glass
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.clear_stained_glass.*                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.clear_stained_glass.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.deco_ground.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.deco_ground.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.deco_ground_slab.*                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.deco_ground_slab.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.dried_brick_stairs.*                    # (default: true) BREAK Dried Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.dried_clay.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.dried_clay.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.dried_clay_slab.*                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.dried_clay_slab.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.dried_clay_stairs.*                     # (default: true) BREAK Dried Clay Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.faucet.*                                # (default: true) BREAK Faucet
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.firewood.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.firewood.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.firewood_slab.*                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.firewood_slab.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.firewood_stairs.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Firewood Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.glow.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Glow
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.lavawood_stairs.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Lavawood Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.metal.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.metal.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.milk.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK Milk
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.molten_ardite.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Molten Ardite
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.molten_bronze.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Molten Bronze
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.molten_clay.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Molten Clay
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.molten_cobalt.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Molten Cobalt
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.molten_copper.*                         # (default: true) BREAK Molten Copper
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.molten_dirt.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Liquid Dirt
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.molten_emerald.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Molten Emerald
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.molten_glass.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Molten Glass
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.molten_gold.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Molten Gold
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.molten_iron.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Molten Iron
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.molten_knightslime.*                    # (default: true) BREAK Molten Knightslime
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.molten_manyullyn.*                      # (default: true) BREAK Molten Manyullyn
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.molten_obsidian.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Molten Obsidian
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.molten_pigiron.*                        # (default: true) BREAK Molten Pigiron
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.molten_steel.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Molten Steel
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.molten_stone.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Seared Stone
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.mudbrick_stairs.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Mud Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.ore.*                                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.ore.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.punji.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK Punji Sticks
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.purpleslime.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Liquid Purple Slime
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.rack.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.rack.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.seared.*                                # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.seared.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.seared_furnace_controller.*             # (default: true) BREAK Seared Furnace Controller
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.seared_glass.*                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.seared_glass.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.seared_slab.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.seared_slab.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.seared_slab2.*                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.seared_slab2.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick.*                   # (default: true) BREAK Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick_cracked.*           # (default: true) BREAK Cracked Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick_fancy.*             # (default: true) BREAK Fancy Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick_small.*             # (default: true) BREAK Small Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick_square.*            # (default: true) BREAK Square Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick_triangle.*          # (default: true) BREAK Triangle Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.seared_stairs_cobble.*                  # (default: true) BREAK Seared Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.seared_stairs_creeper.*                 # (default: true) BREAK Seared Creeperface Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.seared_stairs_paver.*                   # (default: true) BREAK Seared Paver Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.seared_stairs_road.*                    # (default: true) BREAK Seared Road Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.seared_stairs_stone.*                   # (default: true) BREAK Seared Stone Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.seared_stairs_tile.*                    # (default: true) BREAK Seared Tile Stairs
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.seared_tank.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.seared_tank.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.slime.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.slime.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.slime_channel.*                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.slime_channel.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.slime_congealed.*                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.slime_congealed.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.slime_dirt.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.slime_dirt.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.slime_grass.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.slime_grass.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.slime_grass_tall.*                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.slime_grass_tall.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.slime_leaves.*                          # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.slime_leaves.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.slime_sapling.*                         # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.slime_sapling.oak.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.slime_vine_blue.*                       # (default: true) BREAK Blue Slimy Vine
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.slime_vine_blue_end.*                   # (default: true) BREAK Blue Slimy Vine
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.slime_vine_blue_mid.*                   # (default: true) BREAK Blue Slimy Vine
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.slime_vine_purple.*                     # (default: true) BREAK Purple Slimy Vine
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.slime_vine_purple_end.*                 # (default: true) BREAK Purple Slimy Vine
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.slime_vine_purple_mid.*                 # (default: true) BREAK Purple Slimy Vine
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.smeltery_controller.*                   # (default: true) BREAK Smeltery Controller
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.smeltery_io.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.smeltery_io.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.soil.*                                  # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.soil.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.stone_ladder.*                          # (default: true) BREAK Stone Ladder
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.stone_torch.*                           # (default: true) BREAK Stone Torch
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.tinker_tank_controller.*                # (default: true) BREAK Tinker Tank Controller
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.toolforge.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Tool Forge
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.tooltables.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.tconstruct.tooltables.name
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.wood_rail.*                             # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Rail
fe.protection.break.tconstruct.wood_rail_trapdoor.*                    # (default: true) BREAK Wooden Rail with a Trapdoor
fe.protection.break.xreliquary.altar.*                                 # (default: true) BREAK tile.altar.name
fe.protection.break.xreliquary.altar_idle.*                            # (default: true) BREAK tile.altar_idle.name
fe.protection.break.xreliquary.apothecary_cauldron.*                   # (default: true) BREAK tile.apothecary_cauldron.name
fe.protection.break.xreliquary.apothecary_mortar.*                     # (default: true) BREAK tile.apothecary_mortar.name
fe.protection.break.xreliquary.fertile_lilypad.*                       # (default: true) BREAK tile.fertile_lilypad.name
fe.protection.break.xreliquary.interdiction_torch.*                    # (default: true) BREAK tile.interdiction_torch.name
fe.protection.break.xreliquary.pedestal.*                              # (default: true) BREAK tile.pedestal.name
fe.protection.break.xreliquary.pedestal_passive.*                      # (default: true) BREAK tile.pedestal_passive.name
fe.protection.break.xreliquary.wraith_node.*                           # (default: true) BREAK tile.wraith_node.name
fe.protection.explode.*                                                # (default: true) (global) Allows blocks to explode
fe.protection.explode.agricraft.crop.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.agricraft:crop.name
fe.protection.explode.agricraft.grate.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.agricraft:grate.name
fe.protection.explode.agricraft.seed_analyzer.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Seed Analyzer
fe.protection.explode.agricraft.sprinkler.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Sprinkler
fe.protection.explode.agricraft.water_channel_full.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.agricraft:water_channel_full.name
fe.protection.explode.agricraft.water_channel_normal.*                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.agricraft:water_channel_normal.name
fe.protection.explode.agricraft.water_channel_valve.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.agricraft:water_channel_valve.name
fe.protection.explode.agricraft.water_pad.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Water Pad
fe.protection.explode.agricraft.water_tank.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.agricraft:water_tank.name
fe.protection.explode.armorplus.black_stone_brick.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Black Stone Brick
fe.protection.explode.armorplus.black_stone_brick_corner.*             # (default: true) EXPLODE Black Stone Brick Corner
fe.protection.explode.armorplus.black_stone_brick_tower.*              # (default: true) EXPLODE Black Stone Brick Tower
fe.protection.explode.armorplus.block_lava_crystal.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Ore Lava Crystal
fe.protection.explode.armorplus.blue_stone_brick.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Blue Stone Brick
fe.protection.explode.armorplus.blue_stone_brick_corner.*              # (default: true) EXPLODE Blue Stone Brick Corner
fe.protection.explode.armorplus.blue_stone_brick_tower.*               # (default: true) EXPLODE Blue Stone Brick Tower
fe.protection.explode.armorplus.compressed_obsidian.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Compressed Obsidian
fe.protection.explode.armorplus.electrical_block.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Electrical Block
fe.protection.explode.armorplus.green_stone_brick.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Green Stone Brick
fe.protection.explode.armorplus.green_stone_brick_corner.*             # (default: true) EXPLODE Green Stone Brick Corner
fe.protection.explode.armorplus.green_stone_brick_tower.*              # (default: true) EXPLODE Green Stone Brick Tower
fe.protection.explode.armorplus.high_tech_bench.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE High-Tech Bench
fe.protection.explode.armorplus.lava_cactus.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Lava Cactus
fe.protection.explode.armorplus.lava_crystal_block.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Lava Crystal
fe.protection.explode.armorplus.lava_crystal_block_charged.*           # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Charged Lava Crystal
fe.protection.explode.armorplus.lava_nether_brick.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Lava Nether Brick
fe.protection.explode.armorplus.purple_stone_brick.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Purple Stone Brick
fe.protection.explode.armorplus.purple_stone_brick_corner.*            # (default: true) EXPLODE Purple Stone Brick Corner
fe.protection.explode.armorplus.purple_stone_brick_tower.*             # (default: true) EXPLODE Purple Stone Brick Tower
fe.protection.explode.armorplus.red_stone_brick.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Stone Brick
fe.protection.explode.armorplus.red_stone_brick_corner.*               # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Stone Brick Corner
fe.protection.explode.armorplus.red_stone_brick_tower.*                # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Stone Brick Tower
fe.protection.explode.armorplus.spawner_ender_dragon_zombie.*          # (default: true) EXPLODE Spawner Ender Dragon Zombie
fe.protection.explode.armorplus.spawner_guardian.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Spawner Guardian
fe.protection.explode.armorplus.steel_block.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Steel
fe.protection.explode.armorplus.ulti_tech_bench.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Ulti-Tech Bench
fe.protection.explode.armorplus.white_stone_brick.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE White Stone Brick
fe.protection.explode.armorplus.white_stone_brick_corner.*             # (default: true) EXPLODE White Stone Brick Corner
fe.protection.explode.armorplus.white_stone_brick_tower.*              # (default: true) EXPLODE White Stone Brick Tower
fe.protection.explode.armorplus.workbench.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Workbench
fe.protection.explode.armorplus.yellow_stone_brick.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Yellow Stone Brick
fe.protection.explode.armorplus.yellow_stone_brick_corner.*            # (default: true) EXPLODE Yellow Stone Brick Corner
fe.protection.explode.armorplus.yellow_stone_brick_tower.*             # (default: true) EXPLODE Yellow Stone Brick Tower
fe.protection.explode.aroma1997sdimension.aromicPortal.*               # (default: true) EXPLODE Mining Portal
fe.protection.explode.aroma1997sdimension.portalFrame.*                # (default: true) EXPLODE Portal Frame
fe.protection.explode.aroma1997sdimension.stickyOre.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Sticky Ore
fe.protection.explode.backpacks16840.backpack_block.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Backpack
fe.protection.explode.backpacks16840.quantum_chest.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Quantum Chest
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.ArmorStand.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:ArmorStand.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.Bookcase.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:Bookcase.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.BookcaseCreative.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:BookcaseCreative.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.Case.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:Case.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.Desk.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:Desk.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.DinnerPlate.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Dinner Plate
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.DiscRack.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Disc Rack
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.FancySign.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:FancySign.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.FancyWorkbench.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:FancyWorkbench.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.FramedChest.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:FramedChest.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.FurniturePaneler.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:FurniturePaneler.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.Label.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:Label.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.MapFrame.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:MapFrame.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.PotionShelf.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:PotionShelf.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.Seat.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:Seat.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.Shelf.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:Shelf.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.SwordPedestal.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:SwordPedestal.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.Table.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:Table.name
fe.protection.explode.bibliocraft.ToolRack.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.BiblioCraft:ToolRack.name
fe.protection.explode.chisel.andesite.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Andesite
fe.protection.explode.chisel.andesite1.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Andesite
fe.protection.explode.chisel.andesite2.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Andesite
fe.protection.explode.chisel.antiblock.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Antiblock
fe.protection.explode.chisel.auto_chisel.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Auto Chisel
fe.protection.explode.chisel.basalt.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Basalt
fe.protection.explode.chisel.basalt1.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Basalt
fe.protection.explode.chisel.basaltextra.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Basalt
fe.protection.explode.chisel.blockAluminum.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Aluminum
fe.protection.explode.chisel.blockBronze.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Bronze
fe.protection.explode.chisel.blockCobalt.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Cobalt
fe.protection.explode.chisel.blockCopper.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Copper
fe.protection.explode.chisel.blockElectrum.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Electrum
fe.protection.explode.chisel.blockGold.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Gold
fe.protection.explode.chisel.blockInvar.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Invar
fe.protection.explode.chisel.blockIron.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Iron
fe.protection.explode.chisel.blockLead.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Lead
fe.protection.explode.chisel.blockNickel.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Nickel
fe.protection.explode.chisel.blockPlatinum.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Platinum
fe.protection.explode.chisel.blockSilver.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Silver
fe.protection.explode.chisel.blockSteel.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Steel
fe.protection.explode.chisel.blockTin.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Tin
fe.protection.explode.chisel.blockUranium.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Uranium
fe.protection.explode.chisel.block_charcoal.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.explode.chisel.block_charcoal1.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.explode.chisel.block_charcoal2.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.explode.chisel.block_coal.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Coal
fe.protection.explode.chisel.block_coal1.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Coal
fe.protection.explode.chisel.block_coal2.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Coal
fe.protection.explode.chisel.block_coal_coke.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Coal Coke
fe.protection.explode.chisel.block_coal_coke1.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Coal Coke
fe.protection.explode.chisel.block_coal_coke2.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Coal Coke
fe.protection.explode.chisel.bloodMagic.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Chiseled Blood Rune
fe.protection.explode.chisel.bookshelf_acacia.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Acacia Bookshelf
fe.protection.explode.chisel.bookshelf_birch.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Birch Bookshelf
fe.protection.explode.chisel.bookshelf_darkoak.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Oak Bookshelf
fe.protection.explode.chisel.bookshelf_jungle.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Jungle Bookshelf
fe.protection.explode.chisel.bookshelf_oak.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Oak Bookshelf
fe.protection.explode.chisel.bookshelf_spruce.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Spruce Bookshelf
fe.protection.explode.chisel.bricks.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Bricks
fe.protection.explode.chisel.bricks1.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Bricks
fe.protection.explode.chisel.bricksextra.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Bricks
fe.protection.explode.chisel.brownstone.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Brownstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.carpet_black.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Black Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.carpet_blue.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Blue Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.carpet_brown.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Brown Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.carpet_cyan.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Cyan Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.carpet_gray.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Gray Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.carpet_green.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Green Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.carpet_lightblue.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Blue Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.carpet_lightgray.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Gray Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.carpet_lime.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Lime Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.carpet_magenta.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Magenta Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.carpet_orange.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Orange Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.carpet_pink.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Pink Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.carpet_purple.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Purple Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.carpet_red.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.carpet_white.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.carpet_yellow.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Yellow Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.cloud.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Cloud
fe.protection.explode.chisel.cobblestone.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Cobblestone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.cobblestone1.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Cobblestone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.cobblestoneextra.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Cobblestone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.cobblestonemossy.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Mossy Cobblestone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.cobblestonemossy1.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Mossy Cobblestone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.cobblestonemossy2.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Mossy Cobblestone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_black.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Black Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_black1.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Black Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_black2.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Black Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_blue.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Blue Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_blue1.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Blue Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_blue2.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Blue Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_brown.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Brown Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_brown1.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Brown Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_brown2.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Brown Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_cyan.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Cyan Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_cyan1.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Cyan Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_cyan2.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Cyan Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_gray.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Gray Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_gray1.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Gray Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_gray2.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Gray Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_green.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Green Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_green1.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Green Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_green2.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Green Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_lightblue.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Blue Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_lightblue1.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Blue Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_lightblue2.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Blue Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_lightgray.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Gray Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_lightgray1.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Gray Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_lightgray2.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Gray Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_lime.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Lime Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_lime1.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Lime Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_lime2.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Lime Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_magenta.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Magenta Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_magenta1.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Magenta Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_magenta2.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Magenta Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_orange.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Orange Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_orange1.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Orange Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_orange2.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Orange Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_pink.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Pink Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_pink1.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Pink Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_pink2.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Pink Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_powder.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Concrete Powder
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_purple.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Purple Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_purple1.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Purple Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_purple2.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Purple Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_red.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_red1.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_red2.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_white.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE White Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_white1.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE White Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_white2.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE White Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_yellow.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Yellow Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_yellow1.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Yellow Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.concrete_yellow2.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Yellow Concrete
fe.protection.explode.chisel.diamond.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Diamond
fe.protection.explode.chisel.diorite.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Diorite
fe.protection.explode.chisel.diorite1.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Diorite
fe.protection.explode.chisel.diorite2.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Diorite
fe.protection.explode.chisel.dirt.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Dirt
fe.protection.explode.chisel.emerald.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Emerald
fe.protection.explode.chisel.endstone.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Endstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.endstone1.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Endstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.endstoneextra.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Endstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.energizedVoidstone.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Primal Voidstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.factory.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Factory Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.factory1.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Factory Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.futura.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Futura Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glass.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glassdyedblack.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Black Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glassdyedblue.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Blue Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glassdyedbrown.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Brown Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glassdyedcyan.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Cyan Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glassdyedgray.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Gray Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glassdyedgreen.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Green Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glassdyedlightblue.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Blue Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glassdyedlightgray.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Gray Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glassdyedlime.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Lime Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glassdyedmagenta.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Magenta Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glassdyedorange.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Orange Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glassdyedpink.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Pink Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glassdyedpurple.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Purple Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glassdyedred.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glassdyedwhite.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE White Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glassdyedyellow.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Yellow Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glowstone.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Glowstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glowstone1.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Glowstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.glowstone2.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Glowstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.gold.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Gold
fe.protection.explode.chisel.granite.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Granite
fe.protection.explode.chisel.granite1.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Granite
fe.protection.explode.chisel.granite2.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Granite
fe.protection.explode.chisel.hardenedclay.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Hardened Clay
fe.protection.explode.chisel.hardenedclay1.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Hardened Clay
fe.protection.explode.chisel.hardenedclayextra.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Hardened Clay
fe.protection.explode.chisel.ice.*                                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice
fe.protection.explode.chisel.ice1.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice
fe.protection.explode.chisel.ice2.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice
fe.protection.explode.chisel.icepillar.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice Pillar
fe.protection.explode.chisel.iron.*                                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Iron
fe.protection.explode.chisel.ironpane.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Bars
fe.protection.explode.chisel.laboratory.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Laboratory Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.lapis.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.lavastone.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Lavastone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.lavastone1.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Lavastone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.lavastone2.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Lavastone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.limestone.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Limestone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.limestone1.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Limestone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.limestoneextra.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Limestone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marble.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marble1.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marbleextra.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble
fe.protection.explode.chisel.marblepillar.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Marble Pillar
fe.protection.explode.chisel.netherbrick.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Bricks
fe.protection.explode.chisel.netherrack.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Netherrack
fe.protection.explode.chisel.obsidian.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Obsidian
fe.protection.explode.chisel.paper.*                                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Paper Wall
fe.protection.explode.chisel.planks-acacia.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Acacia Planks
fe.protection.explode.chisel.planks-birch.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Birch Planks
fe.protection.explode.chisel.planks-dark-oak.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Oak Planks
fe.protection.explode.chisel.planks-jungle.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Jungle Planks
fe.protection.explode.chisel.planks-oak.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Oak Planks
fe.protection.explode.chisel.planks-spruce.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Spruce Planks
fe.protection.explode.chisel.prismarine.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Prismarine
fe.protection.explode.chisel.prismarine1.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Prismarine
fe.protection.explode.chisel.prismarineextra.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Prismarine
fe.protection.explode.chisel.purpur.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Purpur Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.purpur1.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Purpur Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.purpurextra.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Purpur Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.quartz.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Quartz
fe.protection.explode.chisel.quartz1.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Quartz
fe.protection.explode.chisel.redstone.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Redstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.redstone1.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Redstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.sandstone-scribbles.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Sandstone Scribbles
fe.protection.explode.chisel.sandstonered.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Sandstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.sandstonered1.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Sandstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.sandstoneredextra.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Sandstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.sandstoneyellow.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Sandstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.sandstoneyellow1.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Sandstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.sandstoneyellowextra.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Sandstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stonebrick.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Chiseled Stone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stonebrick1.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Chiseled Stone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.stonebrickextra.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Chiseled Stone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.technical.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Factory Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.technical1.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Factory Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.technicalNew.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Factory Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.temple.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Temple Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.templemossy.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Mossy Temple Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.tyrian.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Tyrian
fe.protection.explode.chisel.valentines.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Valentines' Block
fe.protection.explode.chisel.voidstone.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Voidstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.voidstoneRunic.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Runed Voidstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.waterstone.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Waterstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.waterstone1.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Waterstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.waterstone2.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Waterstone
fe.protection.explode.chisel.wool_black.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Black Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.wool_blue.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Blue Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.wool_brown.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Brown Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.wool_cyan.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Cyan Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.wool_gray.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Gray Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.wool_green.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Green Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.wool_lightblue.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Blue Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.wool_lightgray.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Gray Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.wool_lime.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Lime Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.wool_magenta.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Magenta Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.wool_orange.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Orange Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.wool_pink.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Pink Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.wool_purple.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Purple Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.wool_red.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.wool_white.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Wool
fe.protection.explode.chisel.wool_yellow.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Yellow Wool
fe.protection.explode.customnpcs.npcBanner.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Banner
fe.protection.explode.customnpcs.npcBarrel.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Barrel
fe.protection.explode.customnpcs.npcBeam.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Beam
fe.protection.explode.customnpcs.npcBigSign.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Big Sign
fe.protection.explode.customnpcs.npcBloodBlock.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Blood Block
fe.protection.explode.customnpcs.npcBook.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Book
fe.protection.explode.customnpcs.npcBorder.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Border
fe.protection.explode.customnpcs.npcBuilderBlock.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Builder Block
fe.protection.explode.customnpcs.npcCampfire.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Campfire
fe.protection.explode.customnpcs.npcCampfireUnlit.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Campfire
fe.protection.explode.customnpcs.npcCandle.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Candle
fe.protection.explode.customnpcs.npcCandleUnlit.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Candle
fe.protection.explode.customnpcs.npcCarpentyBench.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpentry Bench
fe.protection.explode.customnpcs.npcChair.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Chair
fe.protection.explode.customnpcs.npcCopyBlock.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Copy Block
fe.protection.explode.customnpcs.npcCouchWood.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Couch
fe.protection.explode.customnpcs.npcCouchWool.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Wool Couch
fe.protection.explode.customnpcs.npcCrate.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Crate
fe.protection.explode.customnpcs.npcCrystalBlock.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Crystal
fe.protection.explode.customnpcs.npcLamp.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Lamp
fe.protection.explode.customnpcs.npcLampUnlit.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Lamp
fe.protection.explode.customnpcs.npcMailbox.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Mailbox
fe.protection.explode.customnpcs.npcPedestal.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Pedestal
fe.protection.explode.customnpcs.npcPlaceholder.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.npcPlaceholder.name
fe.protection.explode.customnpcs.npcRedstoneBlock.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Block
fe.protection.explode.customnpcs.npcScripted.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Scripted Block
fe.protection.explode.customnpcs.npcScriptedDoor.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE item.npcScriptedDoor.name
fe.protection.explode.customnpcs.npcShelf.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Shelf
fe.protection.explode.customnpcs.npcSign.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Sign
fe.protection.explode.customnpcs.npcStool.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Stool
fe.protection.explode.customnpcs.npcTable.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Table
fe.protection.explode.customnpcs.npcTallLamp.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Tall Lamp
fe.protection.explode.customnpcs.npcTombstone.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Tombstone
fe.protection.explode.customnpcs.npcTradingBlock.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Trading Block
fe.protection.explode.customnpcs.npcWallBanner.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Wall Banner
fe.protection.explode.customnpcs.npcWaypoint.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Location Quest Block
fe.protection.explode.customnpcs.npcWeaponRack.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Weapon Rack
fe.protection.explode.denseores.minecraft_coal_ore_0.*                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.denseores:minecraft_coal_ore_0.name
fe.protection.explode.denseores.minecraft_diamond_ore_0.*              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.denseores:minecraft_diamond_ore_0.name
fe.protection.explode.denseores.minecraft_emerald_ore_0.*              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.denseores:minecraft_emerald_ore_0.name
fe.protection.explode.denseores.minecraft_gold_ore_0.*                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.denseores:minecraft_gold_ore_0.name
fe.protection.explode.denseores.minecraft_iron_ore_0.*                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.denseores:minecraft_iron_ore_0.name
fe.protection.explode.denseores.minecraft_lapis_ore_0.*                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.denseores:minecraft_lapis_ore_0.name
fe.protection.explode.denseores.minecraft_quartz_ore_0.*               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.denseores:minecraft_quartz_ore_0.name
fe.protection.explode.denseores.minecraft_redstone_ore_0.*             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.denseores:minecraft_redstone_ore_0.name
fe.protection.explode.disenchanter.disenchantmentTable.*               # (default: true) EXPLODE Disenchantment Table
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.almond_sapling.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Almond Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.apiary.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Apiary
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.apple_sapling.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Apple Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.apricot_sapling.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Apricot Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.aridgarden.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Arid Garden
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.avocado_sapling.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Avocado Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.banana_sapling.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Banana Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.beehive.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Beehive
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.candledeco1.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE White Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.candledeco10.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Cyan Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.candledeco11.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Purple Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.candledeco12.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Blue Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.candledeco13.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Brown Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.candledeco14.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Green Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.candledeco15.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.candledeco16.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Black Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.candledeco2.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Orange Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.candledeco3.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Magenta Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.candledeco4.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Blue Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.candledeco5.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Yellow Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.candledeco6.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Lime Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.candledeco7.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Pink Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.candledeco8.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Grey Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.candledeco9.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Light Grey Candle
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.carrotcake.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Carrot Cake
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.cashew_sapling.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Cashew Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.cheesecake.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Cheese Cake
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.cherry_sapling.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Cherry Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.cherrycheesecake.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Cherry Cheese Cake
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.chestnut_sapling.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Chestnut Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.chocolatesprinklecake.*             # (default: true) EXPLODE Chocolate Sprinkles Cake
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.cinnamon_sapling.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Cinnamon Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.coconut_sapling.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Coconut Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.date_sapling.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Date Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.dragonfruit_sapling.*               # (default: true) EXPLODE Dragonfruit Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.durian_sapling.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Durian Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.fig_sapling.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Fig Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.frostgarden.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Frost Garden
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.gooseberry_sapling.*                # (default: true) EXPLODE Gooseberry Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.grapefruit_sapling.*                # (default: true) EXPLODE Grapefruit Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.groundtrap.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Ground Trap
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.holidaycake.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Holiday Cake
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.honey.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Honey Block
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.honeycomb.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Honeycomb Block
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.lamingtoncake.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Lamington
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.lemon_sapling.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Lemon Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.lime_sapling.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Lime Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.mango_sapling.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Mango Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.maple_sapling.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Maple Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.market.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Market
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.nutmeg_sapling.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Nutmeg Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.olive_sapling.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Olive Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.orange_sapling.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Orange Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamalmond.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Almond
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamapple.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Apple
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamapricot.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Apricot
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamartichokecrop.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamartichokecrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamasparaguscrop.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamasparaguscrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamavocado.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Avocado
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pambambooshootcrop.*                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pambambooshootcrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pambanana.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Banana
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pambarleycrop.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pambarleycrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pambeancrop.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pambeancrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pambeetcrop.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pambeetcrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pambellpeppercrop.*                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pambellpeppercrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamblackberrycrop.*                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamblackberrycrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamblueberrycrop.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamblueberrycrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pambroccolicrop.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pambroccolicrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pambrusselsproutcrop.*              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pambrusselsproutcrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcabbagecrop.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamcabbagecrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcactusfruitcrop.*                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamcactusfruitcrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcandleberrycrop.*                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamcandleberrycrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcantaloupecrop.*                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamcantaloupecrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcashew.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Cashew
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcauliflowercrop.*                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamcauliflowercrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcelerycrop.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamcelerycrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcherry.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Cherry
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamchestnut.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Chestnut
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamchilipeppercrop.*                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamchilipeppercrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcinnamon.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Cinnamon Wood
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcoconut.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Coconut
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcoffeebeancrop.*                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamcoffeebeancrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcorncrop.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamcorncrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcottoncrop.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamcottoncrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcranberrycrop.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamcranberrycrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcucumbercrop.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamcucumbercrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamcurryleafcrop.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamcurryleafcrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamdate.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Date
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamdragonfruit.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Dragonfruit
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamdurian.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Durian
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pameggplantcrop.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pameggplantcrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamfig.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Fig
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamgarliccrop.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamgarliccrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamgingercrop.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamgingercrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamgooseberry.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Gooseberry
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamgrapecrop.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamgrapecrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamgrapefruit.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Grapefruit
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamkiwicrop.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamkiwicrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamleekcrop.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamleekcrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamlemon.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Lemon
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamlettucecrop.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamlettucecrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamlime.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Lime
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pammango.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Mango
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pammaple.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Maple Wood
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pammustardseedscrop.*               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pammustardseedscrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamnutmeg.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Nutmeg
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamoatscrop.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamoatscrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamokracrop.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamokracrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamolive.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Olive
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamonioncrop.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamonioncrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamorange.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Orange
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampapaya.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Papaya
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampaperbark.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Paperbark Wood
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamparsnipcrop.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamparsnipcrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampeach.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Peach
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampeanutcrop.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pampeanutcrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampear.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Pear
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampeascrop.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pampeascrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampecan.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Pecan
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampeppercorn.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Peppercorn
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampersimmon.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Persimmon
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampineapplecrop.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pampineapplecrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampistachio.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Pistachio
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamplum.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Plum
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pampomegranate.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Pomegranate
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamradishcrop.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamradishcrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamraspberrycrop.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamraspberrycrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamrhubarbcrop.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamrhubarbcrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamricecrop.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamricecrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamrutabagacrop.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamrutabagacrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamryecrop.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamryecrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamscallioncrop.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamscallioncrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamseaweedcrop.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamseaweedcrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamsesameseedscrop.*                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamsesameseedscrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamsoybeancrop.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamsoybeancrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamspiceleafcrop.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamspiceleafcrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamspinachcrop.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamspinachcrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamstarfruit.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Starfruit
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamstrawberrycrop.*                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamstrawberrycrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamsweetpotatocrop.*                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamsweetpotatocrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamtealeafcrop.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamtealeafcrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamtomatocrop.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamtomatocrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamturnipcrop.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamturnipcrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamvanillabean.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Vanilla Bean
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamwalnut.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Walnut
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamwaterchestnutcrop.*              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamwaterchestnutcrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamwhitemushroomcrop.*              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamwhitemushroomcrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamwintersquashcrop.*               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamwintersquashcrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pamzucchinicrop.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pamzucchinicrop.name
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.papaya_sapling.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Papaya Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.paperbark_sapling.*                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Paperbark Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pavlovacake.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Pavlova
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.peach_sapling.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Peach Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pear_sapling.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Pear Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pecan_sapling.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Pecan Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.peppercorn_sapling.*                # (default: true) EXPLODE Peppercorn Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.persimmon_sapling.*                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Persimmon Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pineappleupsidedowncake.*           # (default: true) EXPLODE Pineapple Upside Down Cake
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pistachio_sapling.*                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Pistachio Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.plum_sapling.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Plum Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pomegranate_sapling.*               # (default: true) EXPLODE Pomegranate Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pressedwax.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Pressed Wax Block
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.presser.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Presser
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.pumpkincheesecake.*                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin Cheese Cake
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.redvelvetcake.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Velvet Cake
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.shadedgarden.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Shaded Garden
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.shippingbin.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Shipping Bin
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.soggygarden.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Soggy Garden
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.starfruit_sapling.*                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Starfruit Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.tropicalgarden.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Tropical Garden
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.vanillabean_sapling.*               # (default: true) EXPLODE Vanilla Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.walnut_sapling.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Walnut Sapling
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.watertrap.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Water Trap
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.waxcomb.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Waxcomb Block
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.well.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Well
fe.protection.explode.harvestcraft.windygarden.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Windy Garden
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.acacia_door.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Acacia Door
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.acacia_fence.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Acacia Fence
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.acacia_fence_gate.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Acacia Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.acacia_stairs.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Acacia Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.activator_rail.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Activator Rail
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.air.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.air.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.anvil.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Anvil
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.barrier.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Barrier
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.beacon.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Beacon
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.bed.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Bed
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.bedrock.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Bedrock
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.beetroots.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Beetroots
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.birch_door.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Birch Door
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.birch_fence.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Birch Fence
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.birch_fence_gate.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Birch Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.birch_stairs.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Birch Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.bone_block.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Bone Block
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.bookshelf.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Bookshelf
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Brewing Stand
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.brick_block.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Bricks
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.brick_stairs.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.brown_mushroom.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Mushroom
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.brown_mushroom_block.*                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Mushroom
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.cactus.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Cactus
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.cake.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Cake
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.carpet.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Carpet
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.carrots.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Carrots
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.cauldron.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Cauldron
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.chain_command_block.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Chain Command Block
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.chest.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Chest
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.chorus_flower.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Chorus Flower
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.chorus_plant.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Chorus Plant
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.clay.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Clay
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.coal_block.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Coal
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.coal_ore.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Coal Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.cobblestone.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Cobblestone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.cobblestone_wall.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Cobblestone Wall
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.cocoa.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Cocoa
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.command_block.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Command Block
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.crafting_table.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Crafting Table
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.dark_oak_door.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Oak Door
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.dark_oak_fence.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Oak Fence
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.dark_oak_fence_gate.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Oak Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.dark_oak_stairs.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Dark Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.daylight_detector.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.daylight_detector_inverted.*           # (default: true) EXPLODE Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.deadbush.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Dead Bush
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.detector_rail.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Detector Rail
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.diamond_block.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Diamond
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.diamond_ore.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Diamond Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.dirt.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Dirt
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.dispenser.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Dispenser
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.double_plant.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Plant
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.double_stone_slab.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Slab
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.double_stone_slab2.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Sandstone Slab
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.double_wooden_slab.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Wood Slab
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.dragon_egg.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Dragon Egg
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.dropper.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Dropper
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.emerald_block.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Emerald
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.emerald_ore.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Emerald Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.enchanting_table.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Enchantment Table
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.end_bricks.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE End Stone Bricks
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.end_gateway.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.end_portal.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.end_portal_frame.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE End Portal
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.end_rod.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE End Rod
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.end_stone.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE End Stone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.ender_chest.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Ender Chest
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.farmland.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Farmland
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.fence.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Oak Fence
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.fence_gate.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Oak Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.fire.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Fire
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.flower_pot.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Flower Pot
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.flowing_lava.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Lava
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.flowing_water.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Water
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.frosted_ice.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Frosted Ice
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.furnace.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Furnace
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.glass.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Glass
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.glass_pane.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.glowstone.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Glowstone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.gold_block.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Gold
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.gold_ore.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Gold Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.golden_rail.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Powered Rail
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.grass.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Grass Block
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.grass_path.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Grass Path
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.gravel.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Gravel
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.hardened_clay.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Hardened Clay
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.hay_block.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Hay Bale
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.heavy_weighted_pressure_plate.*        # (default: true) EXPLODE Weighted Pressure Plate (Heavy)
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.hopper.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Hopper
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.ice.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Ice
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.iron_bars.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Bars
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.iron_block.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Iron
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.iron_door.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Door
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.iron_ore.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.iron_trapdoor.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Iron Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.jukebox.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Jukebox
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.jungle_door.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Jungle Door
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.jungle_fence.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Jungle Fence
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.jungle_fence_gate.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Jungle Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.jungle_stairs.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Jungle Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.ladder.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Ladder
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lapis_block.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lapis_ore.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Lapis Lazuli Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lava.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Lava
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.leaves.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Leaves
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.leaves2.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Leaves
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lever.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Lever
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.light_weighted_pressure_plate.*        # (default: true) EXPLODE Weighted Pressure Plate (Light)
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lit_furnace.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Furnace
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lit_pumpkin.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lit_redstone_lamp.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.lit_redstone_ore.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.log.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Wood
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.log2.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Wood
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.magma.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Magma Block
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.melon_block.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Melon
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.melon_stem.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin Stem
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.mob_spawner.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Monster Spawner
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.monster_egg.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Monster Egg
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.mossy_cobblestone.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Moss Stone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.mycelium.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Mycelium
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.nether_brick.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Brick
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.nether_brick_fence.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Brick Fence
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.nether_brick_stairs.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.nether_wart.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Wart
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.nether_wart_block.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Wart Block
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.netherrack.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Netherrack
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.noteblock.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Note Block
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.oak_stairs.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.obsidian.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Obsidian
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.packed_ice.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Packed Ice
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.piston.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Piston
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.piston_extension.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.null.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.piston_head.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Piston
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.planks.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Planks
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.portal.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Portal
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.potatoes.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Potatoes
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.powered_comparator.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Comparator
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.powered_repeater.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.prismarine.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Prismarine
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.pumpkin.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.pumpkin_stem.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Pumpkin Stem
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.purpur_block.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Purpur Block
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.purpur_double_slab.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Purpur Slab
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.purpur_pillar.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Purpur Pillar
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.purpur_slab.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Purpur Slab
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.purpur_stairs.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Purpur Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.quartz_block.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Quartz
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.quartz_ore.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Nether Quartz Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.quartz_stairs.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.rail.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Rail
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.red_flower.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Flower
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.red_mushroom.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Mushroom
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.red_mushroom_block.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Mushroom
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.red_nether_brick.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Nether Brick
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.red_sandstone.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Sandstone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.red_sandstone_stairs.*                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.redstone_block.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Block of Redstone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.redstone_lamp.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.redstone_ore.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Ore
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.redstone_torch.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Torch
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.redstone_wire.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Dust
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.reeds.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Sugar cane
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.repeating_command_block.*              # (default: true) EXPLODE Repeating Command Block
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.sand.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Sand
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.sandstone.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Sandstone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.sandstone_stairs.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.sapling.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Oak Sapling
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.sea_lantern.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Sea Lantern
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.skull.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.skull.skeleton.name
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.slime.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Slime Block
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.snow.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Snow
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.snow_layer.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Snow
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.soul_sand.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Soul Sand
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.sponge.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Sponge
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.spruce_door.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Spruce Door
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.spruce_fence.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Spruce Fence
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.spruce_fence_gate.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Spruce Fence Gate
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.spruce_stairs.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Spruce Wood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stained_glass.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stained_glass_pane.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stained_hardened_clay.*                # (default: true) EXPLODE Stained Hardened Clay
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.standing_banner.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE White Banner
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.standing_sign.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Sign
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.sticky_piston.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Sticky Piston
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stone.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stone_brick_stairs.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stone_button.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Button
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stone_pressure_plate.*                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stone_slab.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Slab
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stone_slab2.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Red Sandstone Slab
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stone_stairs.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.stonebrick.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Bricks
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.structure_block.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Structure Block
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.structure_void.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Structure Void
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.tallgrass.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Grass
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.tnt.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE TNT
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.torch.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Torch
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.trapdoor.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.trapped_chest.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Trapped Chest
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.tripwire.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE Tripwire
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.tripwire_hook.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Tripwire Hook
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.unlit_redstone_torch.*                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Torch
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.unpowered_comparator.*                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Comparator
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.unpowered_repeater.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.vine.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Vines
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wall_banner.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE White Banner
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wall_sign.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Sign
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.water.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Water
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.waterlily.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE Lily Pad
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.web.*                                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Cobweb
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wheat.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Crops
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wooden_button.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Button
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wooden_door.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Oak Door
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wooden_pressure_plate.*                # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Pressure Plate
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wooden_slab.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE Wood Slab
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.wool.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Wool
fe.protection.explode.minecraft.yellow_flower.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Flower
fe.protection.explode.storagedrawers.basicDrawers.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.basicDrawers.name
fe.protection.explode.storagedrawers.compDrawers.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Compacting Drawer
fe.protection.explode.storagedrawers.controller.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Drawer Controller
fe.protection.explode.storagedrawers.controllerSlave.*                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Controller Slave
fe.protection.explode.storagedrawers.customDrawers.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.customDrawers.name
fe.protection.explode.storagedrawers.customTrim.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Framed Trim
fe.protection.explode.storagedrawers.framingTable.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Framing Table
fe.protection.explode.storagedrawers.keybutton.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.keybutton.name
fe.protection.explode.storagedrawers.trim.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.trim.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.blood.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Blood
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.blueslime.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquid Blue Slime
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.brownstone.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.brownstone.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.brownstone_slab.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.brownstone_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.brownstone_slab2.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.brownstone_slab2.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick.*             # (default: true) EXPLODE Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick_cracked.*     # (default: true) EXPLODE Cracked Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick_fancy.*       # (default: true) EXPLODE Fancy Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick_small.*       # (default: true) EXPLODE Small Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick_square.*      # (default: true) EXPLODE Square Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick_triangle.*    # (default: true) EXPLODE Triangle Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_creeper.*           # (default: true) EXPLODE Brownstone Creeperface Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_paver.*             # (default: true) EXPLODE Brownstone Paver Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_road.*              # (default: true) EXPLODE Brownstone Road Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_rough.*             # (default: true) EXPLODE Rough Brownstone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_smooth.*            # (default: true) EXPLODE Smooth Brownstone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_tile.*              # (default: true) EXPLODE Brownstone Tile Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.casting.*                             # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.casting.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.clear_glass.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Clear Glass
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.clear_stained_glass.*                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.clear_stained_glass.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.deco_ground.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.deco_ground.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.deco_ground_slab.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.deco_ground_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.dried_brick_stairs.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Dried Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.dried_clay.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.dried_clay.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.dried_clay_slab.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.dried_clay_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.dried_clay_stairs.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Dried Clay Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.faucet.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE Faucet
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.firewood.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.firewood.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.firewood_slab.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.firewood_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.firewood_stairs.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Firewood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.glow.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Glow
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.lavawood_stairs.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Lavawood Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.metal.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.metal.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.milk.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE Milk
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.molten_ardite.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Ardite
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.molten_bronze.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Bronze
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.molten_clay.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Clay
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.molten_cobalt.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Cobalt
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.molten_copper.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Copper
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.molten_dirt.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquid Dirt
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.molten_emerald.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Emerald
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.molten_glass.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Glass
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.molten_gold.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Gold
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.molten_iron.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Iron
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.molten_knightslime.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Knightslime
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.molten_manyullyn.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Manyullyn
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.molten_obsidian.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Obsidian
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.molten_pigiron.*                      # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Pigiron
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.molten_steel.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Molten Steel
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.molten_stone.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Seared Stone
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.mudbrick_stairs.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Mud Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.ore.*                                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.ore.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.punji.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE Punji Sticks
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.purpleslime.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Liquid Purple Slime
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.rack.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.rack.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.seared.*                              # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.seared.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.seared_furnace_controller.*           # (default: true) EXPLODE Seared Furnace Controller
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.seared_glass.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.seared_glass.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.seared_slab.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.seared_slab.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.seared_slab2.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.seared_slab2.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick.*                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick_cracked.*         # (default: true) EXPLODE Cracked Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick_fancy.*           # (default: true) EXPLODE Fancy Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick_small.*           # (default: true) EXPLODE Small Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick_square.*          # (default: true) EXPLODE Square Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick_triangle.*        # (default: true) EXPLODE Triangle Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.seared_stairs_cobble.*                # (default: true) EXPLODE Seared Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.seared_stairs_creeper.*               # (default: true) EXPLODE Seared Creeperface Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.seared_stairs_paver.*                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Seared Paver Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.seared_stairs_road.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Seared Road Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.seared_stairs_stone.*                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Seared Stone Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.seared_stairs_tile.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Seared Tile Stairs
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.seared_tank.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.seared_tank.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.slime.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.slime.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.slime_channel.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.slime_channel.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.slime_congealed.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.slime_congealed.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.slime_dirt.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.slime_dirt.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.slime_grass.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.slime_grass.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.slime_grass_tall.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.slime_grass_tall.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.slime_leaves.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.slime_leaves.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.slime_sapling.*                       # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.slime_sapling.oak.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.slime_vine_blue.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE Blue Slimy Vine
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.slime_vine_blue_end.*                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Blue Slimy Vine
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.slime_vine_blue_mid.*                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Blue Slimy Vine
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.slime_vine_purple.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE Purple Slimy Vine
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.slime_vine_purple_end.*               # (default: true) EXPLODE Purple Slimy Vine
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.slime_vine_purple_mid.*               # (default: true) EXPLODE Purple Slimy Vine
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.smeltery_controller.*                 # (default: true) EXPLODE Smeltery Controller
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.smeltery_io.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.smeltery_io.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.soil.*                                # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.soil.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.stone_ladder.*                        # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Ladder
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.stone_torch.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE Stone Torch
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.tinker_tank_controller.*              # (default: true) EXPLODE Tinker Tank Controller
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.toolforge.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Tool Forge
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.tooltables.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.tconstruct.tooltables.name
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.wood_rail.*                           # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Rail
fe.protection.explode.tconstruct.wood_rail_trapdoor.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE Wooden Rail with a Trapdoor
fe.protection.explode.xreliquary.altar.*                               # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.altar.name
fe.protection.explode.xreliquary.altar_idle.*                          # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.altar_idle.name
fe.protection.explode.xreliquary.apothecary_cauldron.*                 # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.apothecary_cauldron.name
fe.protection.explode.xreliquary.apothecary_mortar.*                   # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.apothecary_mortar.name
fe.protection.explode.xreliquary.fertile_lilypad.*                     # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.fertile_lilypad.name
fe.protection.explode.xreliquary.interdiction_torch.*                  # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.interdiction_torch.name
fe.protection.explode.xreliquary.pedestal.*                            # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pedestal.name
fe.protection.explode.xreliquary.pedestal_passive.*                    # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.pedestal_passive.name
fe.protection.explode.xreliquary.wraith_node.*                         # (default: true) EXPLODE tile.wraith_node.name
fe.protection.interact.*                                               # (default: true) Allow interacting with blocks (button, chest, workbench)
fe.protection.interact.agricraft.crop.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.agricraft:crop.name
fe.protection.interact.agricraft.grate.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.agricraft:grate.name
fe.protection.interact.agricraft.seed_analyzer.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Seed Analyzer
fe.protection.interact.agricraft.sprinkler.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Sprinkler
fe.protection.interact.agricraft.water_channel_full.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.agricraft:water_channel_full.name
fe.protection.interact.agricraft.water_channel_normal.*                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.agricraft:water_channel_normal.name
fe.protection.interact.agricraft.water_channel_valve.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.agricraft:water_channel_valve.name
fe.protection.interact.agricraft.water_pad.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Water Pad
fe.protection.interact.agricraft.water_tank.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.agricraft:water_tank.name
fe.protection.interact.armorplus.black_stone_brick.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Black Stone Brick
fe.protection.interact.armorplus.black_stone_brick_corner.*            # (default: true) INTERACT Black Stone Brick Corner
fe.protection.interact.armorplus.black_stone_brick_tower.*             # (default: true) INTERACT Black Stone Brick Tower
fe.protection.interact.armorplus.block_lava_crystal.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT Ore Lava Crystal
fe.protection.interact.armorplus.blue_stone_brick.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Stone Brick
fe.protection.interact.armorplus.blue_stone_brick_corner.*             # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Stone Brick Corner
fe.protection.interact.armorplus.blue_stone_brick_tower.*              # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Stone Brick Tower
fe.protection.interact.armorplus.compressed_obsidian.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT Compressed Obsidian
fe.protection.interact.armorplus.electrical_block.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Electrical Block
fe.protection.interact.armorplus.green_stone_brick.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Green Stone Brick
fe.protection.interact.armorplus.green_stone_brick_corner.*            # (default: true) INTERACT Green Stone Brick Corner
fe.protection.interact.armorplus.green_stone_brick_tower.*             # (default: true) INTERACT Green Stone Brick Tower
fe.protection.interact.armorplus.high_tech_bench.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT High-Tech Bench
fe.protection.interact.armorplus.lava_cactus.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Lava Cactus
fe.protection.interact.armorplus.lava_crystal_block.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Lava Crystal
fe.protection.interact.armorplus.lava_crystal_block_charged.*          # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Charged Lava Crystal
fe.protection.interact.armorplus.lava_nether_brick.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Lava Nether Brick
fe.protection.interact.armorplus.purple_stone_brick.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT Purple Stone Brick
fe.protection.interact.armorplus.purple_stone_brick_corner.*           # (default: true) INTERACT Purple Stone Brick Corner
fe.protection.interact.armorplus.purple_stone_brick_tower.*            # (default: true) INTERACT Purple Stone Brick Tower
fe.protection.interact.armorplus.red_stone_brick.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Red Stone Brick
fe.protection.interact.armorplus.red_stone_brick_corner.*              # (default: true) INTERACT Red Stone Brick Corner
fe.protection.interact.armorplus.red_stone_brick_tower.*               # (default: true) INTERACT Red Stone Brick Tower
fe.protection.interact.armorplus.spawner_ender_dragon_zombie.*         # (default: true) INTERACT Spawner Ender Dragon Zombie
fe.protection.interact.armorplus.spawner_guardian.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Spawner Guardian
fe.protection.interact.armorplus.steel_block.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Steel
fe.protection.interact.armorplus.ulti_tech_bench.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Ulti-Tech Bench
fe.protection.interact.armorplus.white_stone_brick.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT White Stone Brick
fe.protection.interact.armorplus.white_stone_brick_corner.*            # (default: true) INTERACT White Stone Brick Corner
fe.protection.interact.armorplus.white_stone_brick_tower.*             # (default: true) INTERACT White Stone Brick Tower
fe.protection.interact.armorplus.workbench.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Workbench
fe.protection.interact.armorplus.yellow_stone_brick.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT Yellow Stone Brick
fe.protection.interact.armorplus.yellow_stone_brick_corner.*           # (default: true) INTERACT Yellow Stone Brick Corner
fe.protection.interact.armorplus.yellow_stone_brick_tower.*            # (default: true) INTERACT Yellow Stone Brick Tower
fe.protection.interact.aroma1997sdimension.aromicPortal.*              # (default: true) INTERACT Mining Portal
fe.protection.interact.aroma1997sdimension.portalFrame.*               # (default: true) INTERACT Portal Frame
fe.protection.interact.aroma1997sdimension.stickyOre.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT Sticky Ore
fe.protection.interact.backpacks16840.backpack_block.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT Backpack
fe.protection.interact.backpacks16840.quantum_chest.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT Quantum Chest
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.ArmorStand.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:ArmorStand.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.Bookcase.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:Bookcase.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.BookcaseCreative.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:BookcaseCreative.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.Case.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:Case.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.Desk.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:Desk.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.DinnerPlate.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Dinner Plate
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.DiscRack.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Disc Rack
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.FancySign.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:FancySign.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.FancyWorkbench.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:FancyWorkbench.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.FramedChest.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:FramedChest.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.FurniturePaneler.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:FurniturePaneler.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.Label.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:Label.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.MapFrame.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:MapFrame.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.PotionShelf.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:PotionShelf.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.Seat.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:Seat.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.Shelf.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:Shelf.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.SwordPedestal.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:SwordPedestal.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.Table.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:Table.name
fe.protection.interact.bibliocraft.ToolRack.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.BiblioCraft:ToolRack.name
fe.protection.interact.chisel.andesite.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Andesite
fe.protection.interact.chisel.andesite1.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Andesite
fe.protection.interact.chisel.andesite2.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Andesite
fe.protection.interact.chisel.antiblock.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Antiblock
fe.protection.interact.chisel.auto_chisel.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Auto Chisel
fe.protection.interact.chisel.basalt.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Basalt
fe.protection.interact.chisel.basalt1.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Basalt
fe.protection.interact.chisel.basaltextra.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Basalt
fe.protection.interact.chisel.blockAluminum.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Aluminum
fe.protection.interact.chisel.blockBronze.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Bronze
fe.protection.interact.chisel.blockCobalt.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Cobalt
fe.protection.interact.chisel.blockCopper.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Copper
fe.protection.interact.chisel.blockElectrum.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Electrum
fe.protection.interact.chisel.blockGold.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Gold
fe.protection.interact.chisel.blockInvar.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Invar
fe.protection.interact.chisel.blockIron.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Iron
fe.protection.interact.chisel.blockLead.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Lead
fe.protection.interact.chisel.blockNickel.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Nickel
fe.protection.interact.chisel.blockPlatinum.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Platinum
fe.protection.interact.chisel.blockSilver.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Silver
fe.protection.interact.chisel.blockSteel.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Steel
fe.protection.interact.chisel.blockTin.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Tin
fe.protection.interact.chisel.blockUranium.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Uranium
fe.protection.interact.chisel.block_charcoal.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.interact.chisel.block_charcoal1.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.interact.chisel.block_charcoal2.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.interact.chisel.block_coal.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Coal
fe.protection.interact.chisel.block_coal1.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Coal
fe.protection.interact.chisel.block_coal2.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Coal
fe.protection.interact.chisel.block_coal_coke.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Coal Coke
fe.protection.interact.chisel.block_coal_coke1.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Coal Coke
fe.protection.interact.chisel.block_coal_coke2.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Coal Coke
fe.protection.interact.chisel.bloodMagic.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Chiseled Blood Rune
fe.protection.interact.chisel.bookshelf_acacia.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Acacia Bookshelf
fe.protection.interact.chisel.bookshelf_birch.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Birch Bookshelf
fe.protection.interact.chisel.bookshelf_darkoak.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Oak Bookshelf
fe.protection.interact.chisel.bookshelf_jungle.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Jungle Bookshelf
fe.protection.interact.chisel.bookshelf_oak.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Oak Bookshelf
fe.protection.interact.chisel.bookshelf_spruce.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Spruce Bookshelf
fe.protection.interact.chisel.bricks.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Bricks
fe.protection.interact.chisel.bricks1.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Bricks
fe.protection.interact.chisel.bricksextra.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Bricks
fe.protection.interact.chisel.brownstone.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Brownstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.carpet_black.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Black Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.carpet_blue.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.carpet_brown.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Brown Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.carpet_cyan.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Cyan Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.carpet_gray.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Gray Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.carpet_green.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Green Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.carpet_lightblue.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Light Blue Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.carpet_lightgray.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Light Gray Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.carpet_lime.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Lime Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.carpet_magenta.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Magenta Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.carpet_orange.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Orange Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.carpet_pink.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Pink Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.carpet_purple.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Purple Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.carpet_red.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Red Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.carpet_white.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.carpet_yellow.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Yellow Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.cloud.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Cloud
fe.protection.interact.chisel.cobblestone.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Cobblestone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.cobblestone1.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Cobblestone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.cobblestoneextra.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Cobblestone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.cobblestonemossy.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Mossy Cobblestone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.cobblestonemossy1.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Mossy Cobblestone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.cobblestonemossy2.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Mossy Cobblestone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_black.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Black Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_black1.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Black Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_black2.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Black Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_blue.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_blue1.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_blue2.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_brown.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Brown Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_brown1.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Brown Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_brown2.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Brown Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_cyan.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Cyan Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_cyan1.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Cyan Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_cyan2.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Cyan Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_gray.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Gray Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_gray1.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Gray Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_gray2.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Gray Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_green.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Green Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_green1.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Green Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_green2.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Green Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_lightblue.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Light Blue Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_lightblue1.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Light Blue Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_lightblue2.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Light Blue Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_lightgray.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Light Gray Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_lightgray1.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Light Gray Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_lightgray2.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Light Gray Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_lime.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Lime Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_lime1.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Lime Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_lime2.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Lime Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_magenta.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Magenta Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_magenta1.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Magenta Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_magenta2.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Magenta Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_orange.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Orange Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_orange1.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Orange Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_orange2.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Orange Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_pink.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Pink Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_pink1.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Pink Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_pink2.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Pink Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_powder.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Concrete Powder
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_purple.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Purple Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_purple1.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Purple Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_purple2.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Purple Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_red.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Red Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_red1.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Red Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_red2.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Red Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_white.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT White Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_white1.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT White Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_white2.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT White Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_yellow.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Yellow Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_yellow1.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Yellow Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.concrete_yellow2.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Yellow Concrete
fe.protection.interact.chisel.diamond.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Diamond
fe.protection.interact.chisel.diorite.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Diorite
fe.protection.interact.chisel.diorite1.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Diorite
fe.protection.interact.chisel.diorite2.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Diorite
fe.protection.interact.chisel.dirt.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Dirt
fe.protection.interact.chisel.emerald.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Emerald
fe.protection.interact.chisel.endstone.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Endstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.endstone1.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Endstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.endstoneextra.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Endstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.energizedVoidstone.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Primal Voidstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.factory.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Factory Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.factory1.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Factory Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.futura.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Futura Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glass.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glassdyedblack.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Black Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glassdyedblue.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glassdyedbrown.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Brown Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glassdyedcyan.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Cyan Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glassdyedgray.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Gray Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glassdyedgreen.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Green Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glassdyedlightblue.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Light Blue Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glassdyedlightgray.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Light Gray Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glassdyedlime.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Lime Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glassdyedmagenta.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Magenta Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glassdyedorange.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Orange Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glassdyedpink.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Pink Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glassdyedpurple.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Purple Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glassdyedred.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Red Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glassdyedwhite.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT White Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glassdyedyellow.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Yellow Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glowstone.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Glowstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glowstone1.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Glowstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.glowstone2.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Glowstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.gold.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Gold
fe.protection.interact.chisel.granite.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Granite
fe.protection.interact.chisel.granite1.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Granite
fe.protection.interact.chisel.granite2.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Granite
fe.protection.interact.chisel.hardenedclay.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Hardened Clay
fe.protection.interact.chisel.hardenedclay1.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Hardened Clay
fe.protection.interact.chisel.hardenedclayextra.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Hardened Clay
fe.protection.interact.chisel.ice.*                                    # (default: true) INTERACT Ice
fe.protection.interact.chisel.ice1.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Ice
fe.protection.interact.chisel.ice2.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Ice
fe.protection.interact.chisel.icepillar.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Ice Pillar
fe.protection.interact.chisel.iron.*                                   # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Iron
fe.protection.interact.chisel.ironpane.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Bars
fe.protection.interact.chisel.laboratory.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Laboratory Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.lapis.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.lavastone.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Lavastone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.lavastone1.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Lavastone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.lavastone2.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Lavastone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.limestone.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Limestone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.limestone1.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Limestone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.limestoneextra.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Limestone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Marble
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marble1.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Marble
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marbleextra.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Marble
fe.protection.interact.chisel.marblepillar.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Marble Pillar
fe.protection.interact.chisel.netherbrick.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Bricks
fe.protection.interact.chisel.netherrack.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Netherrack
fe.protection.interact.chisel.obsidian.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Obsidian
fe.protection.interact.chisel.paper.*                                  # (default: true) INTERACT Paper Wall
fe.protection.interact.chisel.planks-acacia.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Acacia Planks
fe.protection.interact.chisel.planks-birch.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Birch Planks
fe.protection.interact.chisel.planks-dark-oak.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Oak Planks
fe.protection.interact.chisel.planks-jungle.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Jungle Planks
fe.protection.interact.chisel.planks-oak.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Oak Planks
fe.protection.interact.chisel.planks-spruce.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Spruce Planks
fe.protection.interact.chisel.prismarine.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Prismarine
fe.protection.interact.chisel.prismarine1.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Prismarine
fe.protection.interact.chisel.prismarineextra.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Prismarine
fe.protection.interact.chisel.purpur.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Purpur Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.purpur1.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Purpur Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.purpurextra.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Purpur Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.quartz.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Quartz
fe.protection.interact.chisel.quartz1.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Quartz
fe.protection.interact.chisel.redstone.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Redstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.redstone1.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Redstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.sandstone-scribbles.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Sandstone Scribbles
fe.protection.interact.chisel.sandstonered.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Red Sandstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.sandstonered1.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Red Sandstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.sandstoneredextra.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Red Sandstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.sandstoneyellow.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Sandstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.sandstoneyellow1.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Sandstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.sandstoneyellowextra.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Sandstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stonebrick.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Chiseled Stone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stonebrick1.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Chiseled Stone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.stonebrickextra.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Chiseled Stone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.technical.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Factory Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.technical1.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Factory Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.technicalNew.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Factory Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.temple.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Temple Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.templemossy.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Mossy Temple Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.tyrian.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Tyrian
fe.protection.interact.chisel.valentines.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Valentines' Block
fe.protection.interact.chisel.voidstone.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Voidstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.voidstoneRunic.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Runed Voidstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.waterstone.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Waterstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.waterstone1.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Waterstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.waterstone2.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Waterstone
fe.protection.interact.chisel.wool_black.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Black Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.wool_blue.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.wool_brown.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Brown Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.wool_cyan.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Cyan Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.wool_gray.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Gray Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.wool_green.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Green Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.wool_lightblue.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Light Blue Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.wool_lightgray.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Light Gray Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.wool_lime.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Lime Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.wool_magenta.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Magenta Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.wool_orange.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Orange Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.wool_pink.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Pink Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.wool_purple.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Purple Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.wool_red.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Red Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.wool_white.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Wool
fe.protection.interact.chisel.wool_yellow.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Yellow Wool
fe.protection.interact.customnpcs.npcBanner.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Banner
fe.protection.interact.customnpcs.npcBarrel.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Barrel
fe.protection.interact.customnpcs.npcBeam.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Beam
fe.protection.interact.customnpcs.npcBigSign.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Big Sign
fe.protection.interact.customnpcs.npcBloodBlock.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Blood Block
fe.protection.interact.customnpcs.npcBook.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Book
fe.protection.interact.customnpcs.npcBorder.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Border
fe.protection.interact.customnpcs.npcBuilderBlock.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Builder Block
fe.protection.interact.customnpcs.npcCampfire.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Campfire
fe.protection.interact.customnpcs.npcCampfireUnlit.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Campfire
fe.protection.interact.customnpcs.npcCandle.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Candle
fe.protection.interact.customnpcs.npcCandleUnlit.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Candle
fe.protection.interact.customnpcs.npcCarpentyBench.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Carpentry Bench
fe.protection.interact.customnpcs.npcChair.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Chair
fe.protection.interact.customnpcs.npcCopyBlock.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Copy Block
fe.protection.interact.customnpcs.npcCouchWood.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Couch
fe.protection.interact.customnpcs.npcCouchWool.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Wool Couch
fe.protection.interact.customnpcs.npcCrate.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Crate
fe.protection.interact.customnpcs.npcCrystalBlock.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Crystal
fe.protection.interact.customnpcs.npcLamp.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Lamp
fe.protection.interact.customnpcs.npcLampUnlit.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Lamp
fe.protection.interact.customnpcs.npcMailbox.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Mailbox
fe.protection.interact.customnpcs.npcPedestal.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Pedestal
fe.protection.interact.customnpcs.npcPlaceholder.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.npcPlaceholder.name
fe.protection.interact.customnpcs.npcRedstoneBlock.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Block
fe.protection.interact.customnpcs.npcScripted.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Scripted Block
fe.protection.interact.customnpcs.npcScriptedDoor.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT item.npcScriptedDoor.name
fe.protection.interact.customnpcs.npcShelf.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Shelf
fe.protection.interact.customnpcs.npcSign.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Sign
fe.protection.interact.customnpcs.npcStool.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Stool
fe.protection.interact.customnpcs.npcTable.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Table
fe.protection.interact.customnpcs.npcTallLamp.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Tall Lamp
fe.protection.interact.customnpcs.npcTombstone.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Tombstone
fe.protection.interact.customnpcs.npcTradingBlock.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Trading Block
fe.protection.interact.customnpcs.npcWallBanner.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Wall Banner
fe.protection.interact.customnpcs.npcWaypoint.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Location Quest Block
fe.protection.interact.customnpcs.npcWeaponRack.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Weapon Rack
fe.protection.interact.denseores.minecraft_coal_ore_0.*                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.denseores:minecraft_coal_ore_0.name
fe.protection.interact.denseores.minecraft_diamond_ore_0.*             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.denseores:minecraft_diamond_ore_0.name
fe.protection.interact.denseores.minecraft_emerald_ore_0.*             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.denseores:minecraft_emerald_ore_0.name
fe.protection.interact.denseores.minecraft_gold_ore_0.*                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.denseores:minecraft_gold_ore_0.name
fe.protection.interact.denseores.minecraft_iron_ore_0.*                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.denseores:minecraft_iron_ore_0.name
fe.protection.interact.denseores.minecraft_lapis_ore_0.*               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.denseores:minecraft_lapis_ore_0.name
fe.protection.interact.denseores.minecraft_quartz_ore_0.*              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.denseores:minecraft_quartz_ore_0.name
fe.protection.interact.denseores.minecraft_redstone_ore_0.*            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.denseores:minecraft_redstone_ore_0.name
fe.protection.interact.disenchanter.disenchantmentTable.*              # (default: true) INTERACT Disenchantment Table
fe.protection.interact.entity                                          # (default: true) Allow interacting with entities (villagers, dogs, horses)
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.almond_sapling.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Almond Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.apiary.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Apiary
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.apple_sapling.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Apple Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.apricot_sapling.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT Apricot Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.aridgarden.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Arid Garden
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.avocado_sapling.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT Avocado Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.banana_sapling.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Banana Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.beehive.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Beehive
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.candledeco1.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT White Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.candledeco10.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Cyan Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.candledeco11.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Purple Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.candledeco12.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.candledeco13.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Brown Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.candledeco14.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Green Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.candledeco15.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Red Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.candledeco16.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Black Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.candledeco2.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Orange Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.candledeco3.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Magenta Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.candledeco4.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Light Blue Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.candledeco5.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Yellow Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.candledeco6.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Lime Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.candledeco7.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Pink Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.candledeco8.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Grey Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.candledeco9.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Light Grey Candle
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.carrotcake.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Carrot Cake
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.cashew_sapling.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Cashew Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.cheesecake.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Cheese Cake
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.cherry_sapling.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Cherry Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.cherrycheesecake.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT Cherry Cheese Cake
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.chestnut_sapling.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT Chestnut Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.chocolatesprinklecake.*            # (default: true) INTERACT Chocolate Sprinkles Cake
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.cinnamon_sapling.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT Cinnamon Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.coconut_sapling.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT Coconut Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.date_sapling.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Date Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.dragonfruit_sapling.*              # (default: true) INTERACT Dragonfruit Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.durian_sapling.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Durian Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.fig_sapling.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Fig Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.frostgarden.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Frost Garden
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.gooseberry_sapling.*               # (default: true) INTERACT Gooseberry Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.grapefruit_sapling.*               # (default: true) INTERACT Grapefruit Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.groundtrap.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Ground Trap
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.holidaycake.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Holiday Cake
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.honey.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Honey Block
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.honeycomb.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Honeycomb Block
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.lamingtoncake.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Lamington
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.lemon_sapling.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Lemon Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.lime_sapling.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Lime Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.mango_sapling.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Mango Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.maple_sapling.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Maple Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.market.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Market
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.nutmeg_sapling.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Nutmeg Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.olive_sapling.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Olive Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.orange_sapling.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Orange Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamalmond.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Almond
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamapple.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Apple
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamapricot.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Apricot
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamartichokecrop.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamartichokecrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamasparaguscrop.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamasparaguscrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamavocado.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Avocado
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pambambooshootcrop.*               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pambambooshootcrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pambanana.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Banana
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pambarleycrop.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pambarleycrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pambeancrop.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pambeancrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pambeetcrop.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pambeetcrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pambellpeppercrop.*                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pambellpeppercrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamblackberrycrop.*                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamblackberrycrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamblueberrycrop.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamblueberrycrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pambroccolicrop.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pambroccolicrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pambrusselsproutcrop.*             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pambrusselsproutcrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcabbagecrop.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamcabbagecrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcactusfruitcrop.*               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamcactusfruitcrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcandleberrycrop.*               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamcandleberrycrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcantaloupecrop.*                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamcantaloupecrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcashew.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Cashew
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcauliflowercrop.*               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamcauliflowercrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcelerycrop.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamcelerycrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcherry.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Cherry
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamchestnut.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Chestnut
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamchilipeppercrop.*               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamchilipeppercrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcinnamon.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Cinnamon Wood
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcoconut.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Coconut
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcoffeebeancrop.*                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamcoffeebeancrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcorncrop.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamcorncrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcottoncrop.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamcottoncrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcranberrycrop.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamcranberrycrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcucumbercrop.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamcucumbercrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamcurryleafcrop.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamcurryleafcrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamdate.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Date
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamdragonfruit.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Dragonfruit
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamdurian.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Durian
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pameggplantcrop.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pameggplantcrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamfig.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Fig
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamgarliccrop.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamgarliccrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamgingercrop.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamgingercrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamgooseberry.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Gooseberry
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamgrapecrop.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamgrapecrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamgrapefruit.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Grapefruit
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamkiwicrop.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamkiwicrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamleekcrop.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamleekcrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamlemon.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Lemon
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamlettucecrop.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamlettucecrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamlime.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Lime
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pammango.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Mango
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pammaple.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Maple Wood
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pammustardseedscrop.*              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pammustardseedscrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamnutmeg.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Nutmeg
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamoatscrop.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamoatscrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamokracrop.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamokracrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamolive.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Olive
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamonioncrop.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamonioncrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamorange.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Orange
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampapaya.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Papaya
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampaperbark.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Paperbark Wood
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamparsnipcrop.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamparsnipcrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampeach.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Peach
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampeanutcrop.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pampeanutcrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampear.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Pear
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampeascrop.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pampeascrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampecan.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Pecan
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampeppercorn.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Peppercorn
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampersimmon.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Persimmon
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampineapplecrop.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pampineapplecrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampistachio.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Pistachio
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamplum.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Plum
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pampomegranate.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Pomegranate
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamradishcrop.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamradishcrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamraspberrycrop.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamraspberrycrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamrhubarbcrop.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamrhubarbcrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamricecrop.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamricecrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamrutabagacrop.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamrutabagacrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamryecrop.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamryecrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamscallioncrop.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamscallioncrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamseaweedcrop.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamseaweedcrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamsesameseedscrop.*               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamsesameseedscrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamsoybeancrop.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamsoybeancrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamspiceleafcrop.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamspiceleafcrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamspinachcrop.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamspinachcrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamstarfruit.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Starfruit
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamstrawberrycrop.*                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamstrawberrycrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamsweetpotatocrop.*               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamsweetpotatocrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamtealeafcrop.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamtealeafcrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamtomatocrop.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamtomatocrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamturnipcrop.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamturnipcrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamvanillabean.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Vanilla Bean
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamwalnut.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Walnut
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamwaterchestnutcrop.*             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamwaterchestnutcrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamwhitemushroomcrop.*             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamwhitemushroomcrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamwintersquashcrop.*              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamwintersquashcrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pamzucchinicrop.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pamzucchinicrop.name
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.papaya_sapling.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Papaya Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.paperbark_sapling.*                # (default: true) INTERACT Paperbark Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pavlovacake.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Pavlova
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.peach_sapling.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Peach Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pear_sapling.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Pear Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pecan_sapling.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Pecan Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.peppercorn_sapling.*               # (default: true) INTERACT Peppercorn Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.persimmon_sapling.*                # (default: true) INTERACT Persimmon Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pineappleupsidedowncake.*          # (default: true) INTERACT Pineapple Upside Down Cake
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pistachio_sapling.*                # (default: true) INTERACT Pistachio Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.plum_sapling.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Plum Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pomegranate_sapling.*              # (default: true) INTERACT Pomegranate Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pressedwax.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Pressed Wax Block
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.presser.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Presser
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.pumpkincheesecake.*                # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin Cheese Cake
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.redvelvetcake.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Red Velvet Cake
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.shadedgarden.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Shaded Garden
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.shippingbin.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Shipping Bin
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.soggygarden.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Soggy Garden
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.starfruit_sapling.*                # (default: true) INTERACT Starfruit Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.tropicalgarden.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Tropical Garden
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.vanillabean_sapling.*              # (default: true) INTERACT Vanilla Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.walnut_sapling.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Walnut Sapling
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.watertrap.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Water Trap
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.waxcomb.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Waxcomb Block
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.well.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Well
fe.protection.interact.harvestcraft.windygarden.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Windy Garden
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.acacia_door.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Acacia Door
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.acacia_fence.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Acacia Fence
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.acacia_fence_gate.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Acacia Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.acacia_stairs.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Acacia Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.activator_rail.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Activator Rail
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.air.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.air.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.anvil.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Anvil
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.barrier.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Barrier
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.beacon.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Beacon
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.bed.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Bed
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.bedrock.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Bedrock
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.beetroots.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Beetroots
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.birch_door.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Birch Door
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.birch_fence.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Birch Fence
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.birch_fence_gate.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Birch Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.birch_stairs.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Birch Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.bone_block.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Bone Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.bookshelf.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Bookshelf
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Brewing Stand
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.brick_block.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Bricks
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.brick_stairs.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.brown_mushroom.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Mushroom
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.brown_mushroom_block.*                # (default: true) INTERACT Mushroom
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cactus.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Cactus
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cake.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Cake
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.carpet.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Carpet
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.carrots.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Carrots
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cauldron.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Cauldron
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.chain_command_block.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT Chain Command Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.chest.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Chest
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.chorus_flower.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Chorus Flower
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.chorus_plant.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Chorus Plant
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.clay.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Clay
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.coal_block.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Coal
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.coal_ore.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Coal Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cobblestone.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Cobblestone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cobblestone_wall.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Cobblestone Wall
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.cocoa.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Cocoa
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.command_block.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Command Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.crafting_table.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Crafting Table
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.dark_oak_door.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Oak Door
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.dark_oak_fence.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Oak Fence
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.dark_oak_fence_gate.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Oak Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.dark_oak_stairs.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Dark Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.daylight_detector.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.daylight_detector_inverted.*          # (default: true) INTERACT Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.deadbush.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Dead Bush
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.detector_rail.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Detector Rail
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.diamond_block.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Diamond
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.diamond_ore.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Diamond Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.dirt.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Dirt
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.dispenser.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Dispenser
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.double_plant.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Plant
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.double_stone_slab.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Slab
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.double_stone_slab2.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT Red Sandstone Slab
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.double_wooden_slab.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT Wood Slab
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.dragon_egg.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Dragon Egg
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.dropper.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Dropper
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.emerald_block.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Emerald
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.emerald_ore.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Emerald Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.enchanting_table.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Enchantment Table
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.end_bricks.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT End Stone Bricks
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.end_gateway.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.end_portal.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.end_portal_frame.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT End Portal
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.end_rod.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT End Rod
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.end_stone.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT End Stone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.ender_chest.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Ender Chest
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.farmland.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Farmland
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.fence.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Oak Fence
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.fence_gate.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Oak Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.fire.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Fire
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.flower_pot.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Flower Pot
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.flowing_lava.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Lava
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.flowing_water.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Water
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.frosted_ice.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Frosted Ice
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.furnace.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Furnace
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.glass.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Glass
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.glass_pane.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.glowstone.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Glowstone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.gold_block.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Gold
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.gold_ore.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Gold Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.golden_rail.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Powered Rail
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.grass.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Grass Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.grass_path.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Grass Path
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.gravel.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Gravel
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.hardened_clay.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Hardened Clay
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.hay_block.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Hay Bale
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.heavy_weighted_pressure_plate.*       # (default: true) INTERACT Weighted Pressure Plate (Heavy)
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.hopper.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Hopper
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.ice.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Ice
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.iron_bars.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Bars
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.iron_block.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Iron
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.iron_door.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Door
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.iron_ore.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.iron_trapdoor.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Iron Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.jukebox.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Jukebox
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.jungle_door.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Jungle Door
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.jungle_fence.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Jungle Fence
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.jungle_fence_gate.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Jungle Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.jungle_stairs.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Jungle Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.ladder.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Ladder
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lapis_block.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lapis_ore.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Lapis Lazuli Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lava.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Lava
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.leaves.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Leaves
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.leaves2.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Leaves
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lever.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Lever
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.light_weighted_pressure_plate.*       # (default: true) INTERACT Weighted Pressure Plate (Light)
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lit_furnace.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Furnace
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lit_pumpkin.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lit_redstone_lamp.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.lit_redstone_ore.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.log.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Wood
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.log2.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Wood
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.magma.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Magma Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.melon_block.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Melon
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.melon_stem.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin Stem
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.mob_spawner.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Monster Spawner
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.monster_egg.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Monster Egg
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.mossy_cobblestone.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Moss Stone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.mycelium.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Mycelium
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.nether_brick.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Brick
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.nether_brick_fence.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Brick Fence
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.nether_brick_stairs.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.nether_wart.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Wart
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.nether_wart_block.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Wart Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.netherrack.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Netherrack
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.noteblock.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Note Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.oak_stairs.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.obsidian.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Obsidian
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.packed_ice.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Packed Ice
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.piston.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Piston
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.piston_extension.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.null.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.piston_head.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Piston
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.planks.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Planks
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.portal.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Portal
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.potatoes.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Potatoes
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.powered_comparator.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Comparator
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.powered_repeater.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.prismarine.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Prismarine
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.pumpkin.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.pumpkin_stem.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Pumpkin Stem
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.purpur_block.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Purpur Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.purpur_double_slab.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT Purpur Slab
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.purpur_pillar.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Purpur Pillar
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.purpur_slab.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Purpur Slab
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.purpur_stairs.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Purpur Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.quartz_block.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Quartz
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.quartz_ore.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Nether Quartz Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.quartz_stairs.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.rail.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Rail
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.red_flower.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Flower
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.red_mushroom.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Mushroom
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.red_mushroom_block.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT Mushroom
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.red_nether_brick.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Red Nether Brick
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.red_sandstone.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Red Sandstone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.red_sandstone_stairs.*                # (default: true) INTERACT Red Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.redstone_block.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Block of Redstone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.redstone_lamp.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.redstone_ore.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Ore
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.redstone_torch.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Torch
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.redstone_wire.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Dust
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.reeds.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Sugar cane
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.repeating_command_block.*             # (default: true) INTERACT Repeating Command Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.sand.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Sand
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.sandstone.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Sandstone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.sandstone_stairs.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.sapling.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Oak Sapling
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.sea_lantern.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Sea Lantern
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.skull.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.skull.skeleton.name
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.slime.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Slime Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.snow.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Snow
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.snow_layer.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Snow
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.soul_sand.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Soul Sand
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.sponge.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Sponge
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.spruce_door.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Spruce Door
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.spruce_fence.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Spruce Fence
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.spruce_fence_gate.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Spruce Fence Gate
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.spruce_stairs.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Spruce Wood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stained_glass.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stained_glass_pane.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stained_hardened_clay.*               # (default: true) INTERACT Stained Hardened Clay
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.standing_banner.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT White Banner
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.standing_sign.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Sign
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.sticky_piston.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Sticky Piston
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stone.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Stone
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stone_brick_stairs.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stone_button.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Button
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stone_pressure_plate.*                # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stone_slab.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Slab
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stone_slab2.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Red Sandstone Slab
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stone_stairs.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.stonebrick.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Bricks
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.structure_block.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Structure Block
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.structure_void.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Structure Void
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.tallgrass.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Grass
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.tnt.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT TNT
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.torch.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Torch
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.trapdoor.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.trapped_chest.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Trapped Chest
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.tripwire.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT Tripwire
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.tripwire_hook.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Tripwire Hook
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.unlit_redstone_torch.*                # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Torch
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.unpowered_comparator.*                # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Comparator
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.unpowered_repeater.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.vine.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Vines
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wall_banner.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT White Banner
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wall_sign.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Sign
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.water.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Water
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.waterlily.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT Lily Pad
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.web.*                                 # (default: true) INTERACT Cobweb
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wheat.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Crops
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wooden_button.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Button
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wooden_door.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Oak Door
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wooden_pressure_plate.*               # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Pressure Plate
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wooden_slab.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT Wood Slab
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.wool.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT Wool
fe.protection.interact.minecraft.yellow_flower.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Flower
fe.protection.interact.storagedrawers.basicDrawers.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.basicDrawers.name
fe.protection.interact.storagedrawers.compDrawers.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Compacting Drawer
fe.protection.interact.storagedrawers.controller.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Drawer Controller
fe.protection.interact.storagedrawers.controllerSlave.*                # (default: true) INTERACT Controller Slave
fe.protection.interact.storagedrawers.customDrawers.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.customDrawers.name
fe.protection.interact.storagedrawers.customTrim.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Framed Trim
fe.protection.interact.storagedrawers.framingTable.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Framing Table
fe.protection.interact.storagedrawers.keybutton.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.keybutton.name
fe.protection.interact.storagedrawers.trim.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.trim.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.blood.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Blood
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.blueslime.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Liquid Blue Slime
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.brownstone.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.brownstone.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.brownstone_slab.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.brownstone_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.brownstone_slab2.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.brownstone_slab2.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick.*            # (default: true) INTERACT Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick_cracked.*    # (default: true) INTERACT Cracked Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick_fancy.*      # (default: true) INTERACT Fancy Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick_small.*      # (default: true) INTERACT Small Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick_square.*     # (default: true) INTERACT Square Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick_triangle.*   # (default: true) INTERACT Triangle Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_creeper.*          # (default: true) INTERACT Brownstone Creeperface Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_paver.*            # (default: true) INTERACT Brownstone Paver Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_road.*             # (default: true) INTERACT Brownstone Road Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_rough.*            # (default: true) INTERACT Rough Brownstone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_smooth.*           # (default: true) INTERACT Smooth Brownstone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_tile.*             # (default: true) INTERACT Brownstone Tile Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.casting.*                            # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.casting.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.clear_glass.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Clear Glass
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.clear_stained_glass.*                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.clear_stained_glass.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.deco_ground.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.deco_ground.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.deco_ground_slab.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.deco_ground_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.dried_brick_stairs.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT Dried Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.dried_clay.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.dried_clay.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.dried_clay_slab.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.dried_clay_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.dried_clay_stairs.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT Dried Clay Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.faucet.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT Faucet
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.firewood.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.firewood.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.firewood_slab.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.firewood_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.firewood_stairs.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Firewood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.glow.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Glow
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.lavawood_stairs.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Lavawood Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.metal.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.metal.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.milk.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT Milk
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.molten_ardite.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Ardite
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.molten_bronze.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Bronze
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.molten_clay.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Clay
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.molten_cobalt.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Cobalt
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.molten_copper.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Copper
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.molten_dirt.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Liquid Dirt
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.molten_emerald.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Emerald
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.molten_glass.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Glass
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.molten_gold.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Gold
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.molten_iron.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Iron
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.molten_knightslime.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Knightslime
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.molten_manyullyn.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Manyullyn
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.molten_obsidian.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Obsidian
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.molten_pigiron.*                     # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Pigiron
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.molten_steel.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Molten Steel
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.molten_stone.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Seared Stone
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.mudbrick_stairs.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Mud Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.ore.*                                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.ore.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.punji.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT Punji Sticks
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.purpleslime.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Liquid Purple Slime
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.rack.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.rack.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.seared.*                             # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.seared.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.seared_furnace_controller.*          # (default: true) INTERACT Seared Furnace Controller
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.seared_glass.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.seared_glass.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.seared_slab.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.seared_slab.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.seared_slab2.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.seared_slab2.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick.*                # (default: true) INTERACT Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick_cracked.*        # (default: true) INTERACT Cracked Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick_fancy.*          # (default: true) INTERACT Fancy Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick_small.*          # (default: true) INTERACT Small Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick_square.*         # (default: true) INTERACT Square Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick_triangle.*       # (default: true) INTERACT Triangle Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.seared_stairs_cobble.*               # (default: true) INTERACT Seared Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.seared_stairs_creeper.*              # (default: true) INTERACT Seared Creeperface Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.seared_stairs_paver.*                # (default: true) INTERACT Seared Paver Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.seared_stairs_road.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT Seared Road Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.seared_stairs_stone.*                # (default: true) INTERACT Seared Stone Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.seared_stairs_tile.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT Seared Tile Stairs
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.seared_tank.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.seared_tank.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.slime.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.slime.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.slime_channel.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.slime_channel.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.slime_congealed.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.slime_congealed.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.slime_dirt.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.slime_dirt.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.slime_grass.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.slime_grass.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.slime_grass_tall.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.slime_grass_tall.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.slime_leaves.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.slime_leaves.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.slime_sapling.*                      # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.slime_sapling.oak.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.slime_vine_blue.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Slimy Vine
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.slime_vine_blue_end.*                # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Slimy Vine
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.slime_vine_blue_mid.*                # (default: true) INTERACT Blue Slimy Vine
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.slime_vine_purple.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT Purple Slimy Vine
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.slime_vine_purple_end.*              # (default: true) INTERACT Purple Slimy Vine
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.slime_vine_purple_mid.*              # (default: true) INTERACT Purple Slimy Vine
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.smeltery_controller.*                # (default: true) INTERACT Smeltery Controller
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.smeltery_io.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.smeltery_io.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.soil.*                               # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.soil.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.stone_ladder.*                       # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Ladder
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.stone_torch.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT Stone Torch
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.tinker_tank_controller.*             # (default: true) INTERACT Tinker Tank Controller
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.toolforge.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Tool Forge
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.tooltables.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.tconstruct.tooltables.name
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.wood_rail.*                          # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Rail
fe.protection.interact.tconstruct.wood_rail_trapdoor.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT Wooden Rail with a Trapdoor
fe.protection.interact.xreliquary.altar.*                              # (default: true) INTERACT tile.altar.name
fe.protection.interact.xreliquary.altar_idle.*                         # (default: true) INTERACT tile.altar_idle.name
fe.protection.interact.xreliquary.apothecary_cauldron.*                # (default: true) INTERACT tile.apothecary_cauldron.name
fe.protection.interact.xreliquary.apothecary_mortar.*                  # (default: true) INTERACT tile.apothecary_mortar.name
fe.protection.interact.xreliquary.fertile_lilypad.*                    # (default: true) INTERACT tile.fertile_lilypad.name
fe.protection.interact.xreliquary.interdiction_torch.*                 # (default: true) INTERACT tile.interdiction_torch.name
fe.protection.interact.xreliquary.pedestal.*                           # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pedestal.name
fe.protection.interact.xreliquary.pedestal_passive.*                   # (default: true) INTERACT tile.pedestal_passive.name
fe.protection.interact.xreliquary.wraith_node.*                        # (default: true) INTERACT tile.wraith_node.name
fe.protection.place.*                                                  # (default: true) Allow placing blocks
fe.protection.place.agricraft.crop.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.agricraft:crop.name
fe.protection.place.agricraft.grate.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.agricraft:grate.name
fe.protection.place.agricraft.seed_analyzer.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Seed Analyzer
fe.protection.place.agricraft.sprinkler.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Sprinkler
fe.protection.place.agricraft.water_channel_full.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.agricraft:water_channel_full.name
fe.protection.place.agricraft.water_channel_normal.*                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.agricraft:water_channel_normal.name
fe.protection.place.agricraft.water_channel_valve.*                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.agricraft:water_channel_valve.name
fe.protection.place.agricraft.water_pad.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Water Pad
fe.protection.place.agricraft.water_tank.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.agricraft:water_tank.name
fe.protection.place.armorplus.black_stone_brick.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Black Stone Brick
fe.protection.place.armorplus.black_stone_brick_corner.*               # (default: true) PLACE Black Stone Brick Corner
fe.protection.place.armorplus.black_stone_brick_tower.*                # (default: true) PLACE Black Stone Brick Tower
fe.protection.place.armorplus.block_lava_crystal.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Ore Lava Crystal
fe.protection.place.armorplus.blue_stone_brick.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Blue Stone Brick
fe.protection.place.armorplus.blue_stone_brick_corner.*                # (default: true) PLACE Blue Stone Brick Corner
fe.protection.place.armorplus.blue_stone_brick_tower.*                 # (default: true) PLACE Blue Stone Brick Tower
fe.protection.place.armorplus.compressed_obsidian.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Compressed Obsidian
fe.protection.place.armorplus.electrical_block.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Electrical Block
fe.protection.place.armorplus.green_stone_brick.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Green Stone Brick
fe.protection.place.armorplus.green_stone_brick_corner.*               # (default: true) PLACE Green Stone Brick Corner
fe.protection.place.armorplus.green_stone_brick_tower.*                # (default: true) PLACE Green Stone Brick Tower
fe.protection.place.armorplus.high_tech_bench.*                        # (default: true) PLACE High-Tech Bench
fe.protection.place.armorplus.lava_cactus.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Lava Cactus
fe.protection.place.armorplus.lava_crystal_block.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Block of Lava Crystal
fe.protection.place.armorplus.lava_crystal_block_charged.*             # (default: true) PLACE Block of Charged Lava Crystal
fe.protection.place.armorplus.lava_nether_brick.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Lava Nether Brick
fe.protection.place.armorplus.purple_stone_brick.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Purple Stone Brick
fe.protection.place.armorplus.purple_stone_brick_corner.*              # (default: true) PLACE Purple Stone Brick Corner
fe.protection.place.armorplus.purple_stone_brick_tower.*               # (default: true) PLACE Purple Stone Brick Tower
fe.protection.place.armorplus.red_stone_brick.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Red Stone Brick
fe.protection.place.armorplus.red_stone_brick_corner.*                 # (default: true) PLACE Red Stone Brick Corner
fe.protection.place.armorplus.red_stone_brick_tower.*                  # (default: true) PLACE Red Stone Brick Tower
fe.protection.place.armorplus.spawner_ender_dragon_zombie.*            # (default: true) PLACE Spawner Ender Dragon Zombie
fe.protection.place.armorplus.spawner_guardian.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Spawner Guardian
fe.protection.place.armorplus.steel_block.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Block of Steel
fe.protection.place.armorplus.ulti_tech_bench.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Ulti-Tech Bench
fe.protection.place.armorplus.white_stone_brick.*                      # (default: true) PLACE White Stone Brick
fe.protection.place.armorplus.white_stone_brick_corner.*               # (default: true) PLACE White Stone Brick Corner
fe.protection.place.armorplus.white_stone_brick_tower.*                # (default: true) PLACE White Stone Brick Tower
fe.protection.place.armorplus.workbench.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Workbench
fe.protection.place.armorplus.yellow_stone_brick.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Stone Brick
fe.protection.place.armorplus.yellow_stone_brick_corner.*              # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Stone Brick Corner
fe.protection.place.armorplus.yellow_stone_brick_tower.*               # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Stone Brick Tower
fe.protection.place.aroma1997sdimension.aromicPortal.*                 # (default: true) PLACE Mining Portal
fe.protection.place.aroma1997sdimension.portalFrame.*                  # (default: true) PLACE Portal Frame
fe.protection.place.aroma1997sdimension.stickyOre.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Sticky Ore
fe.protection.place.backpacks16840.backpack_block.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Backpack
fe.protection.place.backpacks16840.quantum_chest.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Quantum Chest
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.ArmorStand.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:ArmorStand.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.Bookcase.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:Bookcase.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.BookcaseCreative.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:BookcaseCreative.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.Case.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:Case.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.Desk.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:Desk.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.DinnerPlate.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Dinner Plate
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.DiscRack.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Disc Rack
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.FancySign.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:FancySign.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.FancyWorkbench.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:FancyWorkbench.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.FramedChest.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:FramedChest.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.FurniturePaneler.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:FurniturePaneler.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.Label.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:Label.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.MapFrame.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:MapFrame.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.PotionShelf.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:PotionShelf.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.Seat.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:Seat.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.Shelf.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:Shelf.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.SwordPedestal.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:SwordPedestal.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.Table.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:Table.name
fe.protection.place.bibliocraft.ToolRack.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:ToolRack.name
fe.protection.place.chisel.andesite.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Andesite
fe.protection.place.chisel.andesite1.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Andesite
fe.protection.place.chisel.andesite2.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Andesite
fe.protection.place.chisel.antiblock.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Antiblock
fe.protection.place.chisel.auto_chisel.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Auto Chisel
fe.protection.place.chisel.basalt.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Basalt
fe.protection.place.chisel.basalt1.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Basalt
fe.protection.place.chisel.basaltextra.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Basalt
fe.protection.place.chisel.blockAluminum.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Block of Aluminum
fe.protection.place.chisel.blockBronze.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Block of Bronze
fe.protection.place.chisel.blockCobalt.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Block of Cobalt
fe.protection.place.chisel.blockCopper.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Block of Copper
fe.protection.place.chisel.blockElectrum.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Block of Electrum
fe.protection.place.chisel.blockGold.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Block of Gold
fe.protection.place.chisel.blockInvar.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Block of Invar
fe.protection.place.chisel.blockIron.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Block of Iron
fe.protection.place.chisel.blockLead.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Block of Lead
fe.protection.place.chisel.blockNickel.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Block of Nickel
fe.protection.place.chisel.blockPlatinum.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Block of Platinum
fe.protection.place.chisel.blockSilver.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Block of Silver
fe.protection.place.chisel.blockSteel.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Block of Steel
fe.protection.place.chisel.blockTin.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Block of Tin
fe.protection.place.chisel.blockUranium.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Block of Uranium
fe.protection.place.chisel.block_charcoal.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.place.chisel.block_charcoal1.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.place.chisel.block_charcoal2.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.place.chisel.block_coal.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Block of Coal
fe.protection.place.chisel.block_coal1.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Block of Coal
fe.protection.place.chisel.block_coal2.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Block of Coal
fe.protection.place.chisel.block_coal_coke.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Block of Coal Coke
fe.protection.place.chisel.block_coal_coke1.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Block of Coal Coke
fe.protection.place.chisel.block_coal_coke2.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Block of Coal Coke
fe.protection.place.chisel.bloodMagic.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Blood Rune
fe.protection.place.chisel.bookshelf_acacia.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Bookshelf
fe.protection.place.chisel.bookshelf_birch.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Birch Bookshelf
fe.protection.place.chisel.bookshelf_darkoak.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Bookshelf
fe.protection.place.chisel.bookshelf_jungle.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Bookshelf
fe.protection.place.chisel.bookshelf_oak.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Oak Bookshelf
fe.protection.place.chisel.bookshelf_spruce.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Bookshelf
fe.protection.place.chisel.bricks.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Bricks
fe.protection.place.chisel.bricks1.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Bricks
fe.protection.place.chisel.bricksextra.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Bricks
fe.protection.place.chisel.brownstone.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Brownstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.carpet_black.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Black Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.carpet_blue.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Blue Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.carpet_brown.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Brown Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.carpet_cyan.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.carpet_gray.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Gray Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.carpet_green.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Green Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.carpet_lightblue.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.carpet_lightgray.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.carpet_lime.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Lime Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.carpet_magenta.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.carpet_orange.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Orange Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.carpet_pink.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Pink Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.carpet_purple.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Purple Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.carpet_red.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Red Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.carpet_white.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.carpet_yellow.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.cloud.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Cloud
fe.protection.place.chisel.cobblestone.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Cobblestone
fe.protection.place.chisel.cobblestone1.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Cobblestone
fe.protection.place.chisel.cobblestoneextra.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Cobblestone
fe.protection.place.chisel.cobblestonemossy.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Mossy Cobblestone
fe.protection.place.chisel.cobblestonemossy1.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Mossy Cobblestone
fe.protection.place.chisel.cobblestonemossy2.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Mossy Cobblestone
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_black.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Black Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_black1.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Black Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_black2.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Black Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_blue.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Blue Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_blue1.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Blue Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_blue2.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Blue Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_brown.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Brown Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_brown1.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Brown Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_brown2.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Brown Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_cyan.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_cyan1.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_cyan2.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_gray.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Gray Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_gray1.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Gray Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_gray2.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Gray Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_green.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Green Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_green1.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Green Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_green2.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Green Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_lightblue.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_lightblue1.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_lightblue2.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_lightgray.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_lightgray1.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_lightgray2.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_lime.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Lime Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_lime1.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Lime Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_lime2.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Lime Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_magenta.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_magenta1.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_magenta2.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_orange.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Orange Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_orange1.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Orange Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_orange2.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Orange Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_pink.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Pink Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_pink1.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Pink Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_pink2.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Pink Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_powder.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Concrete Powder
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_purple.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Purple Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_purple1.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Purple Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_purple2.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Purple Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_red.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Red Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_red1.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Red Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_red2.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Red Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_white.*                            # (default: true) PLACE White Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_white1.*                           # (default: true) PLACE White Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_white2.*                           # (default: true) PLACE White Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_yellow.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_yellow1.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.concrete_yellow2.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Concrete
fe.protection.place.chisel.diamond.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Block of Diamond
fe.protection.place.chisel.diorite.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Diorite
fe.protection.place.chisel.diorite1.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Diorite
fe.protection.place.chisel.diorite2.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Diorite
fe.protection.place.chisel.dirt.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Dirt
fe.protection.place.chisel.emerald.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Block of Emerald
fe.protection.place.chisel.endstone.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Endstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.endstone1.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Endstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.endstoneextra.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Endstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.energizedVoidstone.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Primal Voidstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.factory.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Factory Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.factory1.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Factory Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.futura.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Futura Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.glass.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.glassdyedblack.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Black Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.glassdyedblue.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Blue Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.glassdyedbrown.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Brown Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.glassdyedcyan.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.glassdyedgray.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Gray Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.glassdyedgreen.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Green Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.glassdyedlightblue.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.glassdyedlightgray.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.glassdyedlime.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Lime Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.glassdyedmagenta.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.glassdyedorange.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Orange Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.glassdyedpink.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Pink Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.glassdyedpurple.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Purple Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.glassdyedred.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Red Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.glassdyedwhite.*                            # (default: true) PLACE White Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.glassdyedyellow.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.chisel.glowstone.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Glowstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.glowstone1.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Glowstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.glowstone2.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Glowstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.gold.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Block of Gold
fe.protection.place.chisel.granite.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Granite
fe.protection.place.chisel.granite1.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Granite
fe.protection.place.chisel.granite2.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Granite
fe.protection.place.chisel.hardenedclay.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Hardened Clay
fe.protection.place.chisel.hardenedclay1.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Hardened Clay
fe.protection.place.chisel.hardenedclayextra.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Hardened Clay
fe.protection.place.chisel.ice.*                                       # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.place.chisel.ice1.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.place.chisel.ice2.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.place.chisel.icepillar.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Ice Pillar
fe.protection.place.chisel.iron.*                                      # (default: true) PLACE Block of Iron
fe.protection.place.chisel.ironpane.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Iron Bars
fe.protection.place.chisel.laboratory.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Laboratory Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.lapis.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.lavastone.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Lavastone
fe.protection.place.chisel.lavastone1.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Lavastone
fe.protection.place.chisel.lavastone2.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Lavastone
fe.protection.place.chisel.limestone.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Limestone
fe.protection.place.chisel.limestone1.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Limestone
fe.protection.place.chisel.limestoneextra.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Limestone
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Marble
fe.protection.place.chisel.marble1.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Marble
fe.protection.place.chisel.marbleextra.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Marble
fe.protection.place.chisel.marblepillar.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Marble Pillar
fe.protection.place.chisel.netherbrick.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Nether Bricks
fe.protection.place.chisel.netherrack.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Netherrack
fe.protection.place.chisel.obsidian.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Obsidian
fe.protection.place.chisel.paper.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Paper Wall
fe.protection.place.chisel.planks-acacia.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Planks
fe.protection.place.chisel.planks-birch.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Birch Planks
fe.protection.place.chisel.planks-dark-oak.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Planks
fe.protection.place.chisel.planks-jungle.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Planks
fe.protection.place.chisel.planks-oak.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Oak Planks
fe.protection.place.chisel.planks-spruce.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Planks
fe.protection.place.chisel.prismarine.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Prismarine
fe.protection.place.chisel.prismarine1.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Prismarine
fe.protection.place.chisel.prismarineextra.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Prismarine
fe.protection.place.chisel.purpur.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Purpur Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.purpur1.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Purpur Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.purpurextra.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Purpur Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.quartz.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Block of Quartz
fe.protection.place.chisel.quartz1.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Block of Quartz
fe.protection.place.chisel.redstone.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Block of Redstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.redstone1.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Block of Redstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.sandstone-scribbles.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone Scribbles
fe.protection.place.chisel.sandstonered.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Red Sandstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.sandstonered1.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Red Sandstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.sandstoneredextra.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Red Sandstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.sandstoneyellow.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.sandstoneyellow1.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.sandstoneyellowextra.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.stonebrick.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Stone
fe.protection.place.chisel.stonebrick1.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Stone
fe.protection.place.chisel.stonebrickextra.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Stone
fe.protection.place.chisel.technical.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Factory Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.technical1.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Factory Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.technicalNew.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Factory Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.temple.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Temple Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.templemossy.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Mossy Temple Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.tyrian.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Tyrian
fe.protection.place.chisel.valentines.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Valentines' Block
fe.protection.place.chisel.voidstone.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Voidstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.voidstoneRunic.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Runed Voidstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.waterstone.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Waterstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.waterstone1.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Waterstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.waterstone2.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Waterstone
fe.protection.place.chisel.wool_black.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Black Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.wool_blue.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Blue Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.wool_brown.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Brown Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.wool_cyan.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.wool_gray.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Gray Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.wool_green.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Green Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.wool_lightblue.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.wool_lightgray.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.wool_lime.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Lime Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.wool_magenta.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.wool_orange.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Orange Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.wool_pink.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Pink Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.wool_purple.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Purple Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.wool_red.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Red Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.wool_white.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Wool
fe.protection.place.chisel.wool_yellow.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Wool
fe.protection.place.customnpcs.npcBanner.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Banner
fe.protection.place.customnpcs.npcBarrel.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Barrel
fe.protection.place.customnpcs.npcBeam.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Beam
fe.protection.place.customnpcs.npcBigSign.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Big Sign
fe.protection.place.customnpcs.npcBloodBlock.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Blood Block
fe.protection.place.customnpcs.npcBook.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Book
fe.protection.place.customnpcs.npcBorder.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Border
fe.protection.place.customnpcs.npcBuilderBlock.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Builder Block
fe.protection.place.customnpcs.npcCampfire.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Campfire
fe.protection.place.customnpcs.npcCampfireUnlit.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Campfire
fe.protection.place.customnpcs.npcCandle.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Candle
fe.protection.place.customnpcs.npcCandleUnlit.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Candle
fe.protection.place.customnpcs.npcCarpentyBench.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Carpentry Bench
fe.protection.place.customnpcs.npcChair.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Chair
fe.protection.place.customnpcs.npcCopyBlock.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Copy Block
fe.protection.place.customnpcs.npcCouchWood.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Couch
fe.protection.place.customnpcs.npcCouchWool.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Wool Couch
fe.protection.place.customnpcs.npcCrate.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Crate
fe.protection.place.customnpcs.npcCrystalBlock.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Crystal
fe.protection.place.customnpcs.npcLamp.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Lamp
fe.protection.place.customnpcs.npcLampUnlit.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Lamp
fe.protection.place.customnpcs.npcMailbox.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Mailbox
fe.protection.place.customnpcs.npcPedestal.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Pedestal
fe.protection.place.customnpcs.npcPlaceholder.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.npcPlaceholder.name
fe.protection.place.customnpcs.npcRedstoneBlock.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Block
fe.protection.place.customnpcs.npcScripted.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Scripted Block
fe.protection.place.customnpcs.npcScriptedDoor.*                       # (default: true) PLACE item.npcScriptedDoor.name
fe.protection.place.customnpcs.npcShelf.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Shelf
fe.protection.place.customnpcs.npcSign.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Sign
fe.protection.place.customnpcs.npcStool.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Stool
fe.protection.place.customnpcs.npcTable.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Table
fe.protection.place.customnpcs.npcTallLamp.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Tall Lamp
fe.protection.place.customnpcs.npcTombstone.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Tombstone
fe.protection.place.customnpcs.npcTradingBlock.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Trading Block
fe.protection.place.customnpcs.npcWallBanner.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Wall Banner
fe.protection.place.customnpcs.npcWaypoint.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Location Quest Block
fe.protection.place.customnpcs.npcWeaponRack.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Weapon Rack
fe.protection.place.denseores.minecraft_coal_ore_0.*                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.denseores:minecraft_coal_ore_0.name
fe.protection.place.denseores.minecraft_diamond_ore_0.*                # (default: true) PLACE tile.denseores:minecraft_diamond_ore_0.name
fe.protection.place.denseores.minecraft_emerald_ore_0.*                # (default: true) PLACE tile.denseores:minecraft_emerald_ore_0.name
fe.protection.place.denseores.minecraft_gold_ore_0.*                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.denseores:minecraft_gold_ore_0.name
fe.protection.place.denseores.minecraft_iron_ore_0.*                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.denseores:minecraft_iron_ore_0.name
fe.protection.place.denseores.minecraft_lapis_ore_0.*                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.denseores:minecraft_lapis_ore_0.name
fe.protection.place.denseores.minecraft_quartz_ore_0.*                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.denseores:minecraft_quartz_ore_0.name
fe.protection.place.denseores.minecraft_redstone_ore_0.*               # (default: true) PLACE tile.denseores:minecraft_redstone_ore_0.name
fe.protection.place.disenchanter.disenchantmentTable.*                 # (default: true) PLACE Disenchantment Table
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.almond_sapling.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Almond Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.apiary.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Apiary
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.apple_sapling.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Apple Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.apricot_sapling.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Apricot Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.aridgarden.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Arid Garden
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.avocado_sapling.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Avocado Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.banana_sapling.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Banana Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.beehive.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Beehive
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.candledeco1.*                         # (default: true) PLACE White Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.candledeco10.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.candledeco11.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Purple Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.candledeco12.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Blue Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.candledeco13.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Brown Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.candledeco14.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Green Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.candledeco15.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Red Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.candledeco16.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Black Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.candledeco2.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Orange Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.candledeco3.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.candledeco4.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.candledeco5.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.candledeco6.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Lime Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.candledeco7.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Pink Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.candledeco8.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Dark Grey Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.candledeco9.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Light Grey Candle
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.carrotcake.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Carrot Cake
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.cashew_sapling.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Cashew Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.cheesecake.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Cheese Cake
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.cherry_sapling.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Cherry Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.cherrycheesecake.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Cherry Cheese Cake
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.chestnut_sapling.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Chestnut Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.chocolatesprinklecake.*               # (default: true) PLACE Chocolate Sprinkles Cake
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.cinnamon_sapling.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Cinnamon Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.coconut_sapling.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Coconut Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.date_sapling.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Date Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.dragonfruit_sapling.*                 # (default: true) PLACE Dragonfruit Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.durian_sapling.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Durian Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.fig_sapling.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Fig Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.frostgarden.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Frost Garden
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.gooseberry_sapling.*                  # (default: true) PLACE Gooseberry Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.grapefruit_sapling.*                  # (default: true) PLACE Grapefruit Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.groundtrap.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Ground Trap
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.holidaycake.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Holiday Cake
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.honey.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Honey Block
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.honeycomb.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Honeycomb Block
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.lamingtoncake.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Lamington
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.lemon_sapling.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Lemon Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.lime_sapling.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Lime Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.mango_sapling.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Mango Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.maple_sapling.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Maple Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.market.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Market
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.nutmeg_sapling.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Nutmeg Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.olive_sapling.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Olive Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.orange_sapling.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Orange Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamalmond.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Almond
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamapple.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Apple
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamapricot.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Apricot
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamartichokecrop.*                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamartichokecrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamasparaguscrop.*                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamasparaguscrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamavocado.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Avocado
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pambambooshootcrop.*                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.pambambooshootcrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pambanana.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Banana
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pambarleycrop.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.pambarleycrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pambeancrop.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.pambeancrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pambeetcrop.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.pambeetcrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pambellpeppercrop.*                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.pambellpeppercrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamblackberrycrop.*                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamblackberrycrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamblueberrycrop.*                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamblueberrycrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pambroccolicrop.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.pambroccolicrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pambrusselsproutcrop.*                # (default: true) PLACE tile.pambrusselsproutcrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcabbagecrop.*                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamcabbagecrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcactusfruitcrop.*                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamcactusfruitcrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcandleberrycrop.*                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamcandleberrycrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcantaloupecrop.*                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamcantaloupecrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcashew.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Cashew
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcauliflowercrop.*                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamcauliflowercrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcelerycrop.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamcelerycrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcherry.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Cherry
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamchestnut.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Chestnut
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamchilipeppercrop.*                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamchilipeppercrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcinnamon.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Cinnamon Wood
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcoconut.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Coconut
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcoffeebeancrop.*                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamcoffeebeancrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcorncrop.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamcorncrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcottoncrop.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamcottoncrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcranberrycrop.*                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamcranberrycrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcucumbercrop.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamcucumbercrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamcurryleafcrop.*                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamcurryleafcrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamdate.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Date
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamdragonfruit.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Dragonfruit
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamdurian.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Durian
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pameggplantcrop.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.pameggplantcrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamfig.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Fig
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamgarliccrop.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamgarliccrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamgingercrop.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamgingercrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamgooseberry.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Gooseberry
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamgrapecrop.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamgrapecrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamgrapefruit.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Grapefruit
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamkiwicrop.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamkiwicrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamleekcrop.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamleekcrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamlemon.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Lemon
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamlettucecrop.*                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamlettucecrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamlime.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Lime
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pammango.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Mango
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pammaple.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Maple Wood
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pammustardseedscrop.*                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.pammustardseedscrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamnutmeg.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Nutmeg
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamoatscrop.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamoatscrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamokracrop.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamokracrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamolive.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Olive
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamonioncrop.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamonioncrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamorange.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Orange
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampapaya.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Papaya
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampaperbark.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Paperbark Wood
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamparsnipcrop.*                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamparsnipcrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampeach.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Peach
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampeanutcrop.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.pampeanutcrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampear.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Pear
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampeascrop.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.pampeascrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampecan.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Pecan
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampeppercorn.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Peppercorn
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampersimmon.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Persimmon
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampineapplecrop.*                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.pampineapplecrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampistachio.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Pistachio
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamplum.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Plum
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pampomegranate.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Pomegranate
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamradishcrop.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamradishcrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamraspberrycrop.*                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamraspberrycrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamrhubarbcrop.*                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamrhubarbcrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamricecrop.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamricecrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamrutabagacrop.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamrutabagacrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamryecrop.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamryecrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamscallioncrop.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamscallioncrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamseaweedcrop.*                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamseaweedcrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamsesameseedscrop.*                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamsesameseedscrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamsoybeancrop.*                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamsoybeancrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamspiceleafcrop.*                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamspiceleafcrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamspinachcrop.*                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamspinachcrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamstarfruit.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Starfruit
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamstrawberrycrop.*                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamstrawberrycrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamsweetpotatocrop.*                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamsweetpotatocrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamtealeafcrop.*                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamtealeafcrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamtomatocrop.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamtomatocrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamturnipcrop.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamturnipcrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamvanillabean.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Vanilla Bean
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamwalnut.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Walnut
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamwaterchestnutcrop.*                # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamwaterchestnutcrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamwhitemushroomcrop.*                # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamwhitemushroomcrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamwintersquashcrop.*                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamwintersquashcrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pamzucchinicrop.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamzucchinicrop.name
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.papaya_sapling.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Papaya Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.paperbark_sapling.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Paperbark Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pavlovacake.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Pavlova
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.peach_sapling.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Peach Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pear_sapling.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Pear Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pecan_sapling.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Pecan Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.peppercorn_sapling.*                  # (default: true) PLACE Peppercorn Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.persimmon_sapling.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Persimmon Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pineappleupsidedowncake.*             # (default: true) PLACE Pineapple Upside Down Cake
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pistachio_sapling.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Pistachio Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.plum_sapling.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Plum Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pomegranate_sapling.*                 # (default: true) PLACE Pomegranate Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pressedwax.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Pressed Wax Block
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.presser.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Presser
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.pumpkincheesecake.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin Cheese Cake
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.redvelvetcake.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Red Velvet Cake
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.shadedgarden.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Shaded Garden
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.shippingbin.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Shipping Bin
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.soggygarden.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Soggy Garden
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.starfruit_sapling.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Starfruit Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.tropicalgarden.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Tropical Garden
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.vanillabean_sapling.*                 # (default: true) PLACE Vanilla Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.walnut_sapling.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Walnut Sapling
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.watertrap.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Water Trap
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.waxcomb.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Waxcomb Block
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.well.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Well
fe.protection.place.harvestcraft.windygarden.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Windy Garden
fe.protection.place.minecraft.acacia_door.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Door
fe.protection.place.minecraft.acacia_fence.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Fence
fe.protection.place.minecraft.acacia_fence_gate.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.minecraft.acacia_stairs.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.activator_rail.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Activator Rail
fe.protection.place.minecraft.air.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.air.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.anvil.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Anvil
fe.protection.place.minecraft.barrier.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Barrier
fe.protection.place.minecraft.beacon.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Beacon
fe.protection.place.minecraft.bed.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Bed
fe.protection.place.minecraft.bedrock.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Bedrock
fe.protection.place.minecraft.beetroots.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Beetroots
fe.protection.place.minecraft.birch_door.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Birch Door
fe.protection.place.minecraft.birch_fence.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Birch Fence
fe.protection.place.minecraft.birch_fence_gate.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Birch Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.minecraft.birch_stairs.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Birch Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.bone_block.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Bone Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.bookshelf.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Bookshelf
fe.protection.place.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Brewing Stand
fe.protection.place.minecraft.brick_block.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Bricks
fe.protection.place.minecraft.brick_stairs.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.brown_mushroom.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.place.minecraft.brown_mushroom_block.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cactus.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Cactus
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cake.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Cake
fe.protection.place.minecraft.carpet.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Carpet
fe.protection.place.minecraft.carrots.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Carrots
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cauldron.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Cauldron
fe.protection.place.minecraft.chain_command_block.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Chain Command Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.chest.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Chest
fe.protection.place.minecraft.chorus_flower.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Chorus Flower
fe.protection.place.minecraft.chorus_plant.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Chorus Plant
fe.protection.place.minecraft.clay.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Clay
fe.protection.place.minecraft.coal_block.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Block of Coal
fe.protection.place.minecraft.coal_ore.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Coal Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cobblestone.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Cobblestone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cobblestone_wall.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Cobblestone Wall
fe.protection.place.minecraft.cocoa.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Cocoa
fe.protection.place.minecraft.command_block.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Command Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.crafting_table.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Crafting Table
fe.protection.place.minecraft.dark_oak_door.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Door
fe.protection.place.minecraft.dark_oak_fence.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Fence
fe.protection.place.minecraft.dark_oak_fence_gate.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.minecraft.dark_oak_stairs.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.daylight_detector.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.place.minecraft.daylight_detector_inverted.*             # (default: true) PLACE Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.place.minecraft.deadbush.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Dead Bush
fe.protection.place.minecraft.detector_rail.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Detector Rail
fe.protection.place.minecraft.diamond_block.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Block of Diamond
fe.protection.place.minecraft.diamond_ore.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.dirt.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Dirt
fe.protection.place.minecraft.dispenser.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Dispenser
fe.protection.place.minecraft.double_plant.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Plant
fe.protection.place.minecraft.double_stone_slab.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Stone Slab
fe.protection.place.minecraft.double_stone_slab2.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Red Sandstone Slab
fe.protection.place.minecraft.double_wooden_slab.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Wood Slab
fe.protection.place.minecraft.dragon_egg.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Dragon Egg
fe.protection.place.minecraft.dropper.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Dropper
fe.protection.place.minecraft.emerald_block.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Block of Emerald
fe.protection.place.minecraft.emerald_ore.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Emerald Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.enchanting_table.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Enchantment Table
fe.protection.place.minecraft.end_bricks.*                             # (default: true) PLACE End Stone Bricks
fe.protection.place.minecraft.end_gateway.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.end_portal.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.end_portal_frame.*                       # (default: true) PLACE End Portal
fe.protection.place.minecraft.end_rod.*                                # (default: true) PLACE End Rod
fe.protection.place.minecraft.end_stone.*                              # (default: true) PLACE End Stone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.ender_chest.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Ender Chest
fe.protection.place.minecraft.farmland.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Farmland
fe.protection.place.minecraft.fence.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Oak Fence
fe.protection.place.minecraft.fence_gate.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Oak Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.minecraft.fire.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Fire
fe.protection.place.minecraft.flower_pot.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Flower Pot
fe.protection.place.minecraft.flowing_lava.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.place.minecraft.flowing_water.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.place.minecraft.frosted_ice.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Frosted Ice
fe.protection.place.minecraft.furnace.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Furnace
fe.protection.place.minecraft.glass.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Glass
fe.protection.place.minecraft.glass_pane.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.minecraft.glowstone.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Glowstone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.gold_block.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Block of Gold
fe.protection.place.minecraft.gold_ore.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Gold Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.golden_rail.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Powered Rail
fe.protection.place.minecraft.grass.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Grass Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.grass_path.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Grass Path
fe.protection.place.minecraft.gravel.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Gravel
fe.protection.place.minecraft.hardened_clay.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Hardened Clay
fe.protection.place.minecraft.hay_block.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Hay Bale
fe.protection.place.minecraft.heavy_weighted_pressure_plate.*          # (default: true) PLACE Weighted Pressure Plate (Heavy)
fe.protection.place.minecraft.hopper.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Hopper
fe.protection.place.minecraft.ice.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.place.minecraft.iron_bars.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Iron Bars
fe.protection.place.minecraft.iron_block.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Block of Iron
fe.protection.place.minecraft.iron_door.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Iron Door
fe.protection.place.minecraft.iron_ore.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Iron Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.iron_trapdoor.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Iron Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.minecraft.jukebox.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Jukebox
fe.protection.place.minecraft.jungle_door.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Door
fe.protection.place.minecraft.jungle_fence.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Fence
fe.protection.place.minecraft.jungle_fence_gate.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.minecraft.jungle_stairs.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.ladder.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Ladder
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lapis_block.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lapis_ore.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Lazuli Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lava.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.place.minecraft.leaves.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Leaves
fe.protection.place.minecraft.leaves2.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Leaves
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lever.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Lever
fe.protection.place.minecraft.light_weighted_pressure_plate.*          # (default: true) PLACE Weighted Pressure Plate (Light)
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lit_furnace.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Furnace
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lit_pumpkin.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lit_redstone_lamp.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.place.minecraft.lit_redstone_ore.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.log.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Wood
fe.protection.place.minecraft.log2.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Wood
fe.protection.place.minecraft.magma.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Magma Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.melon_block.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Melon
fe.protection.place.minecraft.melon_stem.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin Stem
fe.protection.place.minecraft.mob_spawner.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Monster Spawner
fe.protection.place.minecraft.monster_egg.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Stone Monster Egg
fe.protection.place.minecraft.mossy_cobblestone.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Moss Stone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.mycelium.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Mycelium
fe.protection.place.minecraft.nether_brick.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick
fe.protection.place.minecraft.nether_brick_fence.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick Fence
fe.protection.place.minecraft.nether_brick_stairs.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.nether_wart.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Nether Wart
fe.protection.place.minecraft.nether_wart_block.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Nether Wart Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.netherrack.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Netherrack
fe.protection.place.minecraft.noteblock.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Note Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.oak_stairs.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.obsidian.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Obsidian
fe.protection.place.minecraft.packed_ice.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice
fe.protection.place.minecraft.piston.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Piston
fe.protection.place.minecraft.piston_extension.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.piston_head.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Piston
fe.protection.place.minecraft.planks.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Planks
fe.protection.place.minecraft.portal.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Portal
fe.protection.place.minecraft.potatoes.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Potatoes
fe.protection.place.minecraft.powered_comparator.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Comparator
fe.protection.place.minecraft.powered_repeater.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.place.minecraft.prismarine.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Prismarine
fe.protection.place.minecraft.pumpkin.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.place.minecraft.pumpkin_stem.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin Stem
fe.protection.place.minecraft.purpur_block.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Purpur Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.purpur_double_slab.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Purpur Slab
fe.protection.place.minecraft.purpur_pillar.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Purpur Pillar
fe.protection.place.minecraft.purpur_slab.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Purpur Slab
fe.protection.place.minecraft.purpur_stairs.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Purpur Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.quartz_block.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Block of Quartz
fe.protection.place.minecraft.quartz_ore.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Nether Quartz Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.quartz_stairs.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.rail.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Rail
fe.protection.place.minecraft.red_flower.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Flower
fe.protection.place.minecraft.red_mushroom.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.place.minecraft.red_mushroom_block.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.place.minecraft.red_nether_brick.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Red Nether Brick
fe.protection.place.minecraft.red_sandstone.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Red Sandstone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.red_sandstone_stairs.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Red Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.redstone_block.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Block of Redstone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.redstone_lamp.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.place.minecraft.redstone_ore.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Ore
fe.protection.place.minecraft.redstone_torch.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Torch
fe.protection.place.minecraft.redstone_wire.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Dust
fe.protection.place.minecraft.reeds.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Sugar cane
fe.protection.place.minecraft.repeating_command_block.*                # (default: true) PLACE Repeating Command Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.sand.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Sand
fe.protection.place.minecraft.sandstone.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.sandstone_stairs.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.sapling.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Oak Sapling
fe.protection.place.minecraft.sea_lantern.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Sea Lantern
fe.protection.place.minecraft.skull.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.skull.skeleton.name
fe.protection.place.minecraft.slime.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Slime Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.snow.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Snow
fe.protection.place.minecraft.snow_layer.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Snow
fe.protection.place.minecraft.soul_sand.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Soul Sand
fe.protection.place.minecraft.sponge.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Sponge
fe.protection.place.minecraft.spruce_door.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Door
fe.protection.place.minecraft.spruce_fence.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Fence
fe.protection.place.minecraft.spruce_fence_gate.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Fence Gate
fe.protection.place.minecraft.spruce_stairs.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Wood Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stained_glass.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stained_glass_pane.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stained_hardened_clay.*                  # (default: true) PLACE Stained Hardened Clay
fe.protection.place.minecraft.standing_banner.*                        # (default: true) PLACE White Banner
fe.protection.place.minecraft.standing_sign.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Sign
fe.protection.place.minecraft.sticky_piston.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Sticky Piston
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stone.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Stone
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stone_brick_stairs.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stone_button.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Button
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stone_pressure_plate.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Stone Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stone_slab.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Stone Slab
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stone_slab2.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Red Sandstone Slab
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stone_stairs.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.place.minecraft.stonebrick.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Stone Bricks
fe.protection.place.minecraft.structure_block.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Structure Block
fe.protection.place.minecraft.structure_void.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Structure Void
fe.protection.place.minecraft.tallgrass.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Grass
fe.protection.place.minecraft.tnt.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE TNT
fe.protection.place.minecraft.torch.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.place.minecraft.trapdoor.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.minecraft.trapped_chest.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Trapped Chest
fe.protection.place.minecraft.tripwire.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Tripwire
fe.protection.place.minecraft.tripwire_hook.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Tripwire Hook
fe.protection.place.minecraft.unlit_redstone_torch.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Torch
fe.protection.place.minecraft.unpowered_comparator.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Comparator
fe.protection.place.minecraft.unpowered_repeater.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.place.minecraft.vine.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Vines
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wall_banner.*                            # (default: true) PLACE White Banner
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wall_sign.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Sign
fe.protection.place.minecraft.water.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.place.minecraft.waterlily.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Lily Pad
fe.protection.place.minecraft.web.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Cobweb
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wheat.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Crops
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wooden_button.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Button
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wooden_door.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Oak Door
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wooden_pressure_plate.*                  # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Pressure Plate
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wooden_slab.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Wood Slab
fe.protection.place.minecraft.wool.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Wool
fe.protection.place.minecraft.yellow_flower.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Flower
fe.protection.place.storagedrawers.basicDrawers.*                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.basicDrawers.name
fe.protection.place.storagedrawers.compDrawers.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Compacting Drawer
fe.protection.place.storagedrawers.controller.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Drawer Controller
fe.protection.place.storagedrawers.controllerSlave.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Controller Slave
fe.protection.place.storagedrawers.customDrawers.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.customDrawers.name
fe.protection.place.storagedrawers.customTrim.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Framed Trim
fe.protection.place.storagedrawers.framingTable.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Framing Table
fe.protection.place.storagedrawers.keybutton.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.keybutton.name
fe.protection.place.storagedrawers.trim.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.trim.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.blood.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Blood
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.blueslime.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Blue Slime
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.brownstone.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.brownstone.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.brownstone_slab.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.brownstone_slab.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.brownstone_slab2.*                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.brownstone_slab2.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick.*               # (default: true) PLACE Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick_cracked.*       # (default: true) PLACE Cracked Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick_fancy.*         # (default: true) PLACE Fancy Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick_small.*         # (default: true) PLACE Small Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick_square.*        # (default: true) PLACE Square Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick_triangle.*      # (default: true) PLACE Triangle Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_creeper.*             # (default: true) PLACE Brownstone Creeperface Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_paver.*               # (default: true) PLACE Brownstone Paver Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_road.*                # (default: true) PLACE Brownstone Road Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_rough.*               # (default: true) PLACE Rough Brownstone Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_smooth.*              # (default: true) PLACE Smooth Brownstone Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_tile.*                # (default: true) PLACE Brownstone Tile Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.casting.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.casting.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.clear_glass.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Clear Glass
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.clear_stained_glass.*                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.clear_stained_glass.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.deco_ground.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.deco_ground.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.deco_ground_slab.*                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.deco_ground_slab.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.dried_brick_stairs.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Dried Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.dried_clay.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.dried_clay.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.dried_clay_slab.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.dried_clay_slab.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.dried_clay_stairs.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Dried Clay Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.faucet.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Faucet
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.firewood.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.firewood.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.firewood_slab.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.firewood_slab.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.firewood_stairs.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Firewood Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.glow.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Glow
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.lavawood_stairs.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Lavawood Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.metal.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.metal.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.milk.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Milk
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.molten_ardite.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Molten Ardite
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.molten_bronze.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Molten Bronze
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.molten_clay.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Molten Clay
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.molten_cobalt.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Molten Cobalt
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.molten_copper.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Molten Copper
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.molten_dirt.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Dirt
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.molten_emerald.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Molten Emerald
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.molten_glass.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Molten Glass
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.molten_gold.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Molten Gold
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.molten_iron.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Molten Iron
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.molten_knightslime.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Molten Knightslime
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.molten_manyullyn.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Molten Manyullyn
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.molten_obsidian.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Molten Obsidian
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.molten_pigiron.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Molten Pigiron
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.molten_steel.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Molten Steel
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.molten_stone.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Seared Stone
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.mudbrick_stairs.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Mud Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.ore.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.ore.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.punji.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Punji Sticks
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.purpleslime.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Purple Slime
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.rack.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.rack.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.seared.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.seared.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.seared_furnace_controller.*             # (default: true) PLACE Seared Furnace Controller
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.seared_glass.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.seared_glass.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.seared_slab.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.seared_slab.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.seared_slab2.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.seared_slab2.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick_cracked.*           # (default: true) PLACE Cracked Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick_fancy.*             # (default: true) PLACE Fancy Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick_small.*             # (default: true) PLACE Small Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick_square.*            # (default: true) PLACE Square Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick_triangle.*          # (default: true) PLACE Triangle Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.seared_stairs_cobble.*                  # (default: true) PLACE Seared Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.seared_stairs_creeper.*                 # (default: true) PLACE Seared Creeperface Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.seared_stairs_paver.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Seared Paver Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.seared_stairs_road.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Seared Road Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.seared_stairs_stone.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Seared Stone Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.seared_stairs_tile.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Seared Tile Stairs
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.seared_tank.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.seared_tank.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.slime.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.slime.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.slime_channel.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.slime_channel.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.slime_congealed.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.slime_congealed.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.slime_dirt.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.slime_dirt.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.slime_grass.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.slime_grass.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.slime_grass_tall.*                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.slime_grass_tall.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.slime_leaves.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.slime_leaves.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.slime_sapling.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.slime_sapling.oak.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.slime_vine_blue.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Blue Slimy Vine
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.slime_vine_blue_end.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Blue Slimy Vine
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.slime_vine_blue_mid.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Blue Slimy Vine
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.slime_vine_purple.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Purple Slimy Vine
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.slime_vine_purple_end.*                 # (default: true) PLACE Purple Slimy Vine
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.slime_vine_purple_mid.*                 # (default: true) PLACE Purple Slimy Vine
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.smeltery_controller.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Smeltery Controller
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.smeltery_io.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.smeltery_io.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.soil.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.soil.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.stone_ladder.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Stone Ladder
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.stone_torch.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Stone Torch
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.tinker_tank_controller.*                # (default: true) PLACE Tinker Tank Controller
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.toolforge.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Tool Forge
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.tooltables.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.tooltables.name
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.wood_rail.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Rail
fe.protection.place.tconstruct.wood_rail_trapdoor.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Rail with a Trapdoor
fe.protection.place.xreliquary.altar.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.altar.name
fe.protection.place.xreliquary.altar_idle.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.altar_idle.name
fe.protection.place.xreliquary.apothecary_cauldron.*                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.apothecary_cauldron.name
fe.protection.place.xreliquary.apothecary_mortar.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.apothecary_mortar.name
fe.protection.place.xreliquary.fertile_lilypad.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.fertile_lilypad.name
fe.protection.place.xreliquary.interdiction_torch.*                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.interdiction_torch.name
fe.protection.place.xreliquary.pedestal.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.pedestal.name
fe.protection.place.xreliquary.pedestal_passive.*                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.pedestal_passive.name
fe.protection.place.xreliquary.wraith_node.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.wraith_node.name
fe.protection.trample.*                                                # (default: true) Allow trampling on blocks
fe.protection.trample.agricraft.crop.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.agricraft:crop.name
fe.protection.trample.agricraft.grate.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.agricraft:grate.name
fe.protection.trample.agricraft.seed_analyzer.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Seed Analyzer
fe.protection.trample.agricraft.sprinkler.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Sprinkler
fe.protection.trample.agricraft.water_channel_full.*                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.agricraft:water_channel_full.name
fe.protection.trample.agricraft.water_channel_normal.*                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.agricraft:water_channel_normal.name
fe.protection.trample.agricraft.water_channel_valve.*                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.agricraft:water_channel_valve.name
fe.protection.trample.agricraft.water_pad.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Water Pad
fe.protection.trample.agricraft.water_tank.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.agricraft:water_tank.name
fe.protection.trample.armorplus.black_stone_brick.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Black Stone Brick
fe.protection.trample.armorplus.black_stone_brick_corner.*             # (default: true) PLACE Black Stone Brick Corner
fe.protection.trample.armorplus.black_stone_brick_tower.*              # (default: true) PLACE Black Stone Brick Tower
fe.protection.trample.armorplus.block_lava_crystal.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Ore Lava Crystal
fe.protection.trample.armorplus.blue_stone_brick.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Blue Stone Brick
fe.protection.trample.armorplus.blue_stone_brick_corner.*              # (default: true) PLACE Blue Stone Brick Corner
fe.protection.trample.armorplus.blue_stone_brick_tower.*               # (default: true) PLACE Blue Stone Brick Tower
fe.protection.trample.armorplus.compressed_obsidian.*                  # (default: true) PLACE Compressed Obsidian
fe.protection.trample.armorplus.electrical_block.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Electrical Block
fe.protection.trample.armorplus.green_stone_brick.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Green Stone Brick
fe.protection.trample.armorplus.green_stone_brick_corner.*             # (default: true) PLACE Green Stone Brick Corner
fe.protection.trample.armorplus.green_stone_brick_tower.*              # (default: true) PLACE Green Stone Brick Tower
fe.protection.trample.armorplus.high_tech_bench.*                      # (default: true) PLACE High-Tech Bench
fe.protection.trample.armorplus.lava_cactus.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Lava Cactus
fe.protection.trample.armorplus.lava_crystal_block.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Block of Lava Crystal
fe.protection.trample.armorplus.lava_crystal_block_charged.*           # (default: true) PLACE Block of Charged Lava Crystal
fe.protection.trample.armorplus.lava_nether_brick.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Lava Nether Brick
fe.protection.trample.armorplus.purple_stone_brick.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Purple Stone Brick
fe.protection.trample.armorplus.purple_stone_brick_corner.*            # (default: true) PLACE Purple Stone Brick Corner
fe.protection.trample.armorplus.purple_stone_brick_tower.*             # (default: true) PLACE Purple Stone Brick Tower
fe.protection.trample.armorplus.red_stone_brick.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Red Stone Brick
fe.protection.trample.armorplus.red_stone_brick_corner.*               # (default: true) PLACE Red Stone Brick Corner
fe.protection.trample.armorplus.red_stone_brick_tower.*                # (default: true) PLACE Red Stone Brick Tower
fe.protection.trample.armorplus.spawner_ender_dragon_zombie.*          # (default: true) PLACE Spawner Ender Dragon Zombie
fe.protection.trample.armorplus.spawner_guardian.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Spawner Guardian
fe.protection.trample.armorplus.steel_block.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Block of Steel
fe.protection.trample.armorplus.ulti_tech_bench.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Ulti-Tech Bench
fe.protection.trample.armorplus.white_stone_brick.*                    # (default: true) PLACE White Stone Brick
fe.protection.trample.armorplus.white_stone_brick_corner.*             # (default: true) PLACE White Stone Brick Corner
fe.protection.trample.armorplus.white_stone_brick_tower.*              # (default: true) PLACE White Stone Brick Tower
fe.protection.trample.armorplus.workbench.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Workbench
fe.protection.trample.armorplus.yellow_stone_brick.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Stone Brick
fe.protection.trample.armorplus.yellow_stone_brick_corner.*            # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Stone Brick Corner
fe.protection.trample.armorplus.yellow_stone_brick_tower.*             # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Stone Brick Tower
fe.protection.trample.aroma1997sdimension.aromicPortal.*               # (default: true) PLACE Mining Portal
fe.protection.trample.aroma1997sdimension.portalFrame.*                # (default: true) PLACE Portal Frame
fe.protection.trample.aroma1997sdimension.stickyOre.*                  # (default: true) PLACE Sticky Ore
fe.protection.trample.backpacks16840.backpack_block.*                  # (default: true) PLACE Backpack
fe.protection.trample.backpacks16840.quantum_chest.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Quantum Chest
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.ArmorStand.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:ArmorStand.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.Bookcase.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:Bookcase.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.BookcaseCreative.*                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:BookcaseCreative.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.Case.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:Case.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.Desk.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:Desk.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.DinnerPlate.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Dinner Plate
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.DiscRack.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Disc Rack
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.FancySign.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:FancySign.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.FancyWorkbench.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:FancyWorkbench.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.FramedChest.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:FramedChest.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.FurniturePaneler.*                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:FurniturePaneler.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.Label.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:Label.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.MapFrame.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:MapFrame.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.PotionShelf.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:PotionShelf.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.Seat.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:Seat.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.Shelf.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:Shelf.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.SwordPedestal.*                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:SwordPedestal.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.Table.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:Table.name
fe.protection.trample.bibliocraft.ToolRack.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.BiblioCraft:ToolRack.name
fe.protection.trample.chisel.andesite.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Andesite
fe.protection.trample.chisel.andesite1.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Andesite
fe.protection.trample.chisel.andesite2.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Andesite
fe.protection.trample.chisel.antiblock.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Antiblock
fe.protection.trample.chisel.auto_chisel.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Auto Chisel
fe.protection.trample.chisel.basalt.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Basalt
fe.protection.trample.chisel.basalt1.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Basalt
fe.protection.trample.chisel.basaltextra.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Basalt
fe.protection.trample.chisel.blockAluminum.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Block of Aluminum
fe.protection.trample.chisel.blockBronze.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Block of Bronze
fe.protection.trample.chisel.blockCobalt.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Block of Cobalt
fe.protection.trample.chisel.blockCopper.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Block of Copper
fe.protection.trample.chisel.blockElectrum.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Block of Electrum
fe.protection.trample.chisel.blockGold.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Block of Gold
fe.protection.trample.chisel.blockInvar.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Block of Invar
fe.protection.trample.chisel.blockIron.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Block of Iron
fe.protection.trample.chisel.blockLead.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Block of Lead
fe.protection.trample.chisel.blockNickel.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Block of Nickel
fe.protection.trample.chisel.blockPlatinum.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Block of Platinum
fe.protection.trample.chisel.blockSilver.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Block of Silver
fe.protection.trample.chisel.blockSteel.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Block of Steel
fe.protection.trample.chisel.blockTin.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Block of Tin
fe.protection.trample.chisel.blockUranium.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Block of Uranium
fe.protection.trample.chisel.block_charcoal.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.trample.chisel.block_charcoal1.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.trample.chisel.block_charcoal2.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Block of Charcoal
fe.protection.trample.chisel.block_coal.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Block of Coal
fe.protection.trample.chisel.block_coal1.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Block of Coal
fe.protection.trample.chisel.block_coal2.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Block of Coal
fe.protection.trample.chisel.block_coal_coke.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Block of Coal Coke
fe.protection.trample.chisel.block_coal_coke1.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Block of Coal Coke
fe.protection.trample.chisel.block_coal_coke2.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Block of Coal Coke
fe.protection.trample.chisel.bloodMagic.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Blood Rune
fe.protection.trample.chisel.bookshelf_acacia.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Bookshelf
fe.protection.trample.chisel.bookshelf_birch.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Birch Bookshelf
fe.protection.trample.chisel.bookshelf_darkoak.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Bookshelf
fe.protection.trample.chisel.bookshelf_jungle.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Bookshelf
fe.protection.trample.chisel.bookshelf_oak.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Oak Bookshelf
fe.protection.trample.chisel.bookshelf_spruce.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Bookshelf
fe.protection.trample.chisel.bricks.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Bricks
fe.protection.trample.chisel.bricks1.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Bricks
fe.protection.trample.chisel.bricksextra.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Bricks
fe.protection.trample.chisel.brownstone.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Brownstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.carpet_black.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Black Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.carpet_blue.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Blue Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.carpet_brown.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Brown Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.carpet_cyan.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.carpet_gray.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Gray Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.carpet_green.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Green Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.carpet_lightblue.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.carpet_lightgray.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.carpet_lime.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Lime Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.carpet_magenta.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.carpet_orange.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Orange Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.carpet_pink.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Pink Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.carpet_purple.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Purple Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.carpet_red.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Red Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.carpet_white.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.carpet_yellow.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.cloud.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Cloud
fe.protection.trample.chisel.cobblestone.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Cobblestone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.cobblestone1.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Cobblestone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.cobblestoneextra.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Cobblestone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.cobblestonemossy.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Mossy Cobblestone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.cobblestonemossy1.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Mossy Cobblestone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.cobblestonemossy2.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Mossy Cobblestone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_black.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Black Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_black1.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Black Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_black2.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Black Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_blue.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Blue Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_blue1.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Blue Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_blue2.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Blue Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_brown.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Brown Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_brown1.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Brown Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_brown2.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Brown Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_cyan.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_cyan1.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_cyan2.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_gray.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Gray Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_gray1.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Gray Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_gray2.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Gray Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_green.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Green Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_green1.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Green Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_green2.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Green Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_lightblue.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_lightblue1.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_lightblue2.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_lightgray.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_lightgray1.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_lightgray2.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_lime.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Lime Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_lime1.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Lime Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_lime2.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Lime Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_magenta.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_magenta1.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_magenta2.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_orange.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Orange Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_orange1.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Orange Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_orange2.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Orange Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_pink.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Pink Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_pink1.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Pink Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_pink2.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Pink Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_powder.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Concrete Powder
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_purple.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Purple Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_purple1.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Purple Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_purple2.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Purple Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_red.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Red Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_red1.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Red Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_red2.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Red Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_white.*                          # (default: true) PLACE White Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_white1.*                         # (default: true) PLACE White Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_white2.*                         # (default: true) PLACE White Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_yellow.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_yellow1.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.concrete_yellow2.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Concrete
fe.protection.trample.chisel.diamond.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Block of Diamond
fe.protection.trample.chisel.diorite.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Diorite
fe.protection.trample.chisel.diorite1.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Diorite
fe.protection.trample.chisel.diorite2.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Diorite
fe.protection.trample.chisel.dirt.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Dirt
fe.protection.trample.chisel.emerald.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Block of Emerald
fe.protection.trample.chisel.endstone.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Endstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.endstone1.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Endstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.endstoneextra.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Endstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.energizedVoidstone.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Primal Voidstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.factory.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Factory Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.factory1.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Factory Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.futura.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Futura Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glass.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glassdyedblack.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Black Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glassdyedblue.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Blue Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glassdyedbrown.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Brown Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glassdyedcyan.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glassdyedgray.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Gray Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glassdyedgreen.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Green Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glassdyedlightblue.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glassdyedlightgray.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glassdyedlime.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Lime Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glassdyedmagenta.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glassdyedorange.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Orange Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glassdyedpink.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Pink Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glassdyedpurple.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Purple Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glassdyedred.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Red Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glassdyedwhite.*                          # (default: true) PLACE White Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glassdyedyellow.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glowstone.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Glowstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glowstone1.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Glowstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.glowstone2.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Glowstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.gold.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Block of Gold
fe.protection.trample.chisel.granite.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Granite
fe.protection.trample.chisel.granite1.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Granite
fe.protection.trample.chisel.granite2.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Granite
fe.protection.trample.chisel.hardenedclay.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Hardened Clay
fe.protection.trample.chisel.hardenedclay1.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Hardened Clay
fe.protection.trample.chisel.hardenedclayextra.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Hardened Clay
fe.protection.trample.chisel.ice.*                                     # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.trample.chisel.ice1.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.trample.chisel.ice2.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.trample.chisel.icepillar.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Ice Pillar
fe.protection.trample.chisel.iron.*                                    # (default: true) PLACE Block of Iron
fe.protection.trample.chisel.ironpane.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Iron Bars
fe.protection.trample.chisel.laboratory.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Laboratory Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.lapis.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.lavastone.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Lavastone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.lavastone1.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Lavastone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.lavastone2.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Lavastone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.limestone.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Limestone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.limestone1.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Limestone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.limestoneextra.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Limestone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.marble.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Marble
fe.protection.trample.chisel.marble1.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Marble
fe.protection.trample.chisel.marbleextra.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Marble
fe.protection.trample.chisel.marblepillar.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Marble Pillar
fe.protection.trample.chisel.netherbrick.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Nether Bricks
fe.protection.trample.chisel.netherrack.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Netherrack
fe.protection.trample.chisel.obsidian.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Obsidian
fe.protection.trample.chisel.paper.*                                   # (default: true) PLACE Paper Wall
fe.protection.trample.chisel.planks-acacia.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Planks
fe.protection.trample.chisel.planks-birch.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Birch Planks
fe.protection.trample.chisel.planks-dark-oak.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Planks
fe.protection.trample.chisel.planks-jungle.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Planks
fe.protection.trample.chisel.planks-oak.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Oak Planks
fe.protection.trample.chisel.planks-spruce.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Planks
fe.protection.trample.chisel.prismarine.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Prismarine
fe.protection.trample.chisel.prismarine1.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Prismarine
fe.protection.trample.chisel.prismarineextra.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Prismarine
fe.protection.trample.chisel.purpur.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Purpur Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.purpur1.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Purpur Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.purpurextra.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Purpur Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.quartz.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Block of Quartz
fe.protection.trample.chisel.quartz1.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Block of Quartz
fe.protection.trample.chisel.redstone.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Block of Redstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.redstone1.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Block of Redstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.sandstone-scribbles.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone Scribbles
fe.protection.trample.chisel.sandstonered.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Red Sandstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.sandstonered1.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Red Sandstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.sandstoneredextra.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Red Sandstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.sandstoneyellow.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.sandstoneyellow1.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.sandstoneyellowextra.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.stonebrick.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Stone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.stonebrick1.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Stone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.stonebrickextra.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Chiseled Stone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.technical.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Factory Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.technical1.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Factory Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.technicalNew.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Factory Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.temple.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Temple Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.templemossy.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Mossy Temple Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.tyrian.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Tyrian
fe.protection.trample.chisel.valentines.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Valentines' Block
fe.protection.trample.chisel.voidstone.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Voidstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.voidstoneRunic.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Runed Voidstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.waterstone.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Waterstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.waterstone1.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Waterstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.waterstone2.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Waterstone
fe.protection.trample.chisel.wool_black.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Black Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.wool_blue.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Blue Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.wool_brown.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Brown Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.wool_cyan.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.wool_gray.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Gray Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.wool_green.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Green Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.wool_lightblue.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.wool_lightgray.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Light Gray Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.wool_lime.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Lime Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.wool_magenta.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.wool_orange.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Orange Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.wool_pink.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Pink Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.wool_purple.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Purple Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.wool_red.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Red Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.wool_white.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Wool
fe.protection.trample.chisel.wool_yellow.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Wool
fe.protection.trample.customnpcs.npcBanner.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Banner
fe.protection.trample.customnpcs.npcBarrel.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Barrel
fe.protection.trample.customnpcs.npcBeam.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Beam
fe.protection.trample.customnpcs.npcBigSign.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Big Sign
fe.protection.trample.customnpcs.npcBloodBlock.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Blood Block
fe.protection.trample.customnpcs.npcBook.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Book
fe.protection.trample.customnpcs.npcBorder.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Border
fe.protection.trample.customnpcs.npcBuilderBlock.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Builder Block
fe.protection.trample.customnpcs.npcCampfire.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Campfire
fe.protection.trample.customnpcs.npcCampfireUnlit.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Campfire
fe.protection.trample.customnpcs.npcCandle.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Candle
fe.protection.trample.customnpcs.npcCandleUnlit.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Candle
fe.protection.trample.customnpcs.npcCarpentyBench.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Carpentry Bench
fe.protection.trample.customnpcs.npcChair.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Chair
fe.protection.trample.customnpcs.npcCopyBlock.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Copy Block
fe.protection.trample.customnpcs.npcCouchWood.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Couch
fe.protection.trample.customnpcs.npcCouchWool.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Wool Couch
fe.protection.trample.customnpcs.npcCrate.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Crate
fe.protection.trample.customnpcs.npcCrystalBlock.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Crystal
fe.protection.trample.customnpcs.npcLamp.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Lamp
fe.protection.trample.customnpcs.npcLampUnlit.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Lamp
fe.protection.trample.customnpcs.npcMailbox.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Mailbox
fe.protection.trample.customnpcs.npcPedestal.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Pedestal
fe.protection.trample.customnpcs.npcPlaceholder.*                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.npcPlaceholder.name
fe.protection.trample.customnpcs.npcRedstoneBlock.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Block
fe.protection.trample.customnpcs.npcScripted.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Scripted Block
fe.protection.trample.customnpcs.npcScriptedDoor.*                     # (default: true) PLACE item.npcScriptedDoor.name
fe.protection.trample.customnpcs.npcShelf.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Shelf
fe.protection.trample.customnpcs.npcSign.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Sign
fe.protection.trample.customnpcs.npcStool.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Stool
fe.protection.trample.customnpcs.npcTable.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Table
fe.protection.trample.customnpcs.npcTallLamp.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Tall Lamp
fe.protection.trample.customnpcs.npcTombstone.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Tombstone
fe.protection.trample.customnpcs.npcTradingBlock.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Trading Block
fe.protection.trample.customnpcs.npcWallBanner.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Wall Banner
fe.protection.trample.customnpcs.npcWaypoint.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Location Quest Block
fe.protection.trample.customnpcs.npcWeaponRack.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Weapon Rack
fe.protection.trample.denseores.minecraft_coal_ore_0.*                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.denseores:minecraft_coal_ore_0.name
fe.protection.trample.denseores.minecraft_diamond_ore_0.*              # (default: true) PLACE tile.denseores:minecraft_diamond_ore_0.name
fe.protection.trample.denseores.minecraft_emerald_ore_0.*              # (default: true) PLACE tile.denseores:minecraft_emerald_ore_0.name
fe.protection.trample.denseores.minecraft_gold_ore_0.*                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.denseores:minecraft_gold_ore_0.name
fe.protection.trample.denseores.minecraft_iron_ore_0.*                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.denseores:minecraft_iron_ore_0.name
fe.protection.trample.denseores.minecraft_lapis_ore_0.*                # (default: true) PLACE tile.denseores:minecraft_lapis_ore_0.name
fe.protection.trample.denseores.minecraft_quartz_ore_0.*               # (default: true) PLACE tile.denseores:minecraft_quartz_ore_0.name
fe.protection.trample.denseores.minecraft_redstone_ore_0.*             # (default: true) PLACE tile.denseores:minecraft_redstone_ore_0.name
fe.protection.trample.disenchanter.disenchantmentTable.*               # (default: true) PLACE Disenchantment Table
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.almond_sapling.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Almond Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.apiary.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Apiary
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.apple_sapling.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Apple Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.apricot_sapling.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Apricot Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.aridgarden.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Arid Garden
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.avocado_sapling.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Avocado Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.banana_sapling.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Banana Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.beehive.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Beehive
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.candledeco1.*                       # (default: true) PLACE White Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.candledeco10.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Cyan Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.candledeco11.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Purple Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.candledeco12.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Blue Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.candledeco13.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Brown Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.candledeco14.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Green Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.candledeco15.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Red Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.candledeco16.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Black Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.candledeco2.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Orange Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.candledeco3.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Magenta Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.candledeco4.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Light Blue Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.candledeco5.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Yellow Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.candledeco6.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Lime Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.candledeco7.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Pink Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.candledeco8.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Dark Grey Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.candledeco9.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Light Grey Candle
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.carrotcake.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Carrot Cake
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.cashew_sapling.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Cashew Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.cheesecake.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Cheese Cake
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.cherry_sapling.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Cherry Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.cherrycheesecake.*                  # (default: true) PLACE Cherry Cheese Cake
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.chestnut_sapling.*                  # (default: true) PLACE Chestnut Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.chocolatesprinklecake.*             # (default: true) PLACE Chocolate Sprinkles Cake
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.cinnamon_sapling.*                  # (default: true) PLACE Cinnamon Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.coconut_sapling.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Coconut Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.date_sapling.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Date Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.dragonfruit_sapling.*               # (default: true) PLACE Dragonfruit Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.durian_sapling.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Durian Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.fig_sapling.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Fig Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.frostgarden.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Frost Garden
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.gooseberry_sapling.*                # (default: true) PLACE Gooseberry Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.grapefruit_sapling.*                # (default: true) PLACE Grapefruit Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.groundtrap.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Ground Trap
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.holidaycake.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Holiday Cake
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.honey.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Honey Block
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.honeycomb.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Honeycomb Block
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.lamingtoncake.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Lamington
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.lemon_sapling.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Lemon Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.lime_sapling.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Lime Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.mango_sapling.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Mango Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.maple_sapling.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Maple Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.market.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Market
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.nutmeg_sapling.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Nutmeg Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.olive_sapling.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Olive Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.orange_sapling.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Orange Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamalmond.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Almond
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamapple.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Apple
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamapricot.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Apricot
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamartichokecrop.*                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamartichokecrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamasparaguscrop.*                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamasparaguscrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamavocado.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Avocado
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pambambooshootcrop.*                # (default: true) PLACE tile.pambambooshootcrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pambanana.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Banana
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pambarleycrop.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.pambarleycrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pambeancrop.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.pambeancrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pambeetcrop.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.pambeetcrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pambellpeppercrop.*                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.pambellpeppercrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamblackberrycrop.*                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamblackberrycrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamblueberrycrop.*                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamblueberrycrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pambroccolicrop.*                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.pambroccolicrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pambrusselsproutcrop.*              # (default: true) PLACE tile.pambrusselsproutcrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcabbagecrop.*                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamcabbagecrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcactusfruitcrop.*                # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamcactusfruitcrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcandleberrycrop.*                # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamcandleberrycrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcantaloupecrop.*                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamcantaloupecrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcashew.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Cashew
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcauliflowercrop.*                # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamcauliflowercrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcelerycrop.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamcelerycrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcherry.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Cherry
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamchestnut.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Chestnut
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamchilipeppercrop.*                # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamchilipeppercrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcinnamon.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Cinnamon Wood
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcoconut.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Coconut
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcoffeebeancrop.*                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamcoffeebeancrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcorncrop.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamcorncrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcottoncrop.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamcottoncrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcranberrycrop.*                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamcranberrycrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcucumbercrop.*                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamcucumbercrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamcurryleafcrop.*                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamcurryleafcrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamdate.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Date
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamdragonfruit.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Dragonfruit
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamdurian.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Durian
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pameggplantcrop.*                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.pameggplantcrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamfig.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Fig
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamgarliccrop.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamgarliccrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamgingercrop.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamgingercrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamgooseberry.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Gooseberry
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamgrapecrop.*                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamgrapecrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamgrapefruit.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Grapefruit
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamkiwicrop.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamkiwicrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamleekcrop.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamleekcrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamlemon.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Lemon
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamlettucecrop.*                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamlettucecrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamlime.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Lime
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pammango.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Mango
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pammaple.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Maple Wood
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pammustardseedscrop.*               # (default: true) PLACE tile.pammustardseedscrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamnutmeg.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Nutmeg
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamoatscrop.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamoatscrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamokracrop.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamokracrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamolive.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Olive
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamonioncrop.*                      # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamonioncrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamorange.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Orange
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampapaya.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Papaya
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampaperbark.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Paperbark Wood
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamparsnipcrop.*                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamparsnipcrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampeach.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Peach
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampeanutcrop.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.pampeanutcrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampear.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Pear
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampeascrop.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.pampeascrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampecan.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Pecan
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampeppercorn.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Peppercorn
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampersimmon.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Persimmon
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampineapplecrop.*                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.pampineapplecrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampistachio.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Pistachio
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamplum.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Plum
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pampomegranate.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Pomegranate
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamradishcrop.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamradishcrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamraspberrycrop.*                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamraspberrycrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamrhubarbcrop.*                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamrhubarbcrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamricecrop.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamricecrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamrutabagacrop.*                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamrutabagacrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamryecrop.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamryecrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamscallioncrop.*                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamscallioncrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamseaweedcrop.*                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamseaweedcrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamsesameseedscrop.*                # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamsesameseedscrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamsoybeancrop.*                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamsoybeancrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamspiceleafcrop.*                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamspiceleafcrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamspinachcrop.*                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamspinachcrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamstarfruit.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Starfruit
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamstrawberrycrop.*                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamstrawberrycrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamsweetpotatocrop.*                # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamsweetpotatocrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamtealeafcrop.*                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamtealeafcrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamtomatocrop.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamtomatocrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamturnipcrop.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamturnipcrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamvanillabean.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Vanilla Bean
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamwalnut.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Walnut
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamwaterchestnutcrop.*              # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamwaterchestnutcrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamwhitemushroomcrop.*              # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamwhitemushroomcrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamwintersquashcrop.*               # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamwintersquashcrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pamzucchinicrop.*                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.pamzucchinicrop.name
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.papaya_sapling.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Papaya Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.paperbark_sapling.*                 # (default: true) PLACE Paperbark Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pavlovacake.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Pavlova
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.peach_sapling.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Peach Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pear_sapling.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Pear Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pecan_sapling.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Pecan Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.peppercorn_sapling.*                # (default: true) PLACE Peppercorn Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.persimmon_sapling.*                 # (default: true) PLACE Persimmon Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pineappleupsidedowncake.*           # (default: true) PLACE Pineapple Upside Down Cake
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pistachio_sapling.*                 # (default: true) PLACE Pistachio Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.plum_sapling.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Plum Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pomegranate_sapling.*               # (default: true) PLACE Pomegranate Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pressedwax.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Pressed Wax Block
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.presser.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Presser
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.pumpkincheesecake.*                 # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin Cheese Cake
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.redvelvetcake.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Red Velvet Cake
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.shadedgarden.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Shaded Garden
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.shippingbin.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Shipping Bin
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.soggygarden.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Soggy Garden
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.starfruit_sapling.*                 # (default: true) PLACE Starfruit Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.tropicalgarden.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Tropical Garden
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.vanillabean_sapling.*               # (default: true) PLACE Vanilla Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.walnut_sapling.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Walnut Sapling
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.watertrap.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Water Trap
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.waxcomb.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Waxcomb Block
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.well.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Well
fe.protection.trample.harvestcraft.windygarden.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Windy Garden
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.acacia_door.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Door
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.acacia_fence.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Fence
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.acacia_fence_gate.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.acacia_stairs.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Acacia Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.activator_rail.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Activator Rail
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.air.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.air.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.anvil.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Anvil
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.barrier.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Barrier
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.beacon.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Beacon
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.bed.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Bed
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.bedrock.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Bedrock
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.beetroots.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Beetroots
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.birch_door.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Birch Door
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.birch_fence.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Birch Fence
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.birch_fence_gate.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Birch Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.birch_stairs.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Birch Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.bone_block.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Bone Block
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.bookshelf.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Bookshelf
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.brewing_stand.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Brewing Stand
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.brick_block.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Bricks
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.brick_stairs.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.brown_mushroom.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.brown_mushroom_block.*                 # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.cactus.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Cactus
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.cake.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Cake
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.carpet.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Carpet
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.carrots.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Carrots
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.cauldron.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Cauldron
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.chain_command_block.*                  # (default: true) PLACE Chain Command Block
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.chest.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Chest
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.chorus_flower.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Chorus Flower
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.chorus_plant.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Chorus Plant
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.clay.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Clay
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.coal_block.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Block of Coal
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.coal_ore.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Coal Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.cobblestone.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Cobblestone
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.cobblestone_wall.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Cobblestone Wall
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.cocoa.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Cocoa
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.command_block.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Command Block
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.crafting_table.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Crafting Table
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.dark_oak_door.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Door
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.dark_oak_fence.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Fence
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.dark_oak_fence_gate.*                  # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.dark_oak_stairs.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Dark Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.daylight_detector.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.daylight_detector_inverted.*           # (default: true) PLACE Daylight Sensor
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.deadbush.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Dead Bush
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.detector_rail.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Detector Rail
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.diamond_block.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Block of Diamond
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.diamond_ore.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Diamond Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.dirt.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Dirt
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.dispenser.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Dispenser
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.double_plant.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Plant
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.double_stone_slab.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Stone Slab
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.double_stone_slab2.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Red Sandstone Slab
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.double_wooden_slab.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Wood Slab
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.dragon_egg.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Dragon Egg
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.dropper.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Dropper
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.emerald_block.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Block of Emerald
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.emerald_ore.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Emerald Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.enchanting_table.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Enchantment Table
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.end_bricks.*                           # (default: true) PLACE End Stone Bricks
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.end_gateway.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.end_portal.*                           # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.end_portal_frame.*                     # (default: true) PLACE End Portal
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.end_rod.*                              # (default: true) PLACE End Rod
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.end_stone.*                            # (default: true) PLACE End Stone
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.ender_chest.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Ender Chest
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.farmland.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Farmland
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.fence.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Oak Fence
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.fence_gate.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Oak Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.fire.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Fire
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.flower_pot.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Flower Pot
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.flowing_lava.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.flowing_water.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.frosted_ice.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Frosted Ice
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.furnace.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Furnace
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.glass.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Glass
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.glass_pane.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.glowstone.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Glowstone
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.gold_block.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Block of Gold
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.gold_ore.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Gold Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.golden_rail.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Powered Rail
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.grass.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Grass Block
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.grass_path.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Grass Path
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.gravel.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Gravel
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.hardened_clay.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Hardened Clay
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.hay_block.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Hay Bale
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.heavy_weighted_pressure_plate.*        # (default: true) PLACE Weighted Pressure Plate (Heavy)
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.hopper.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Hopper
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.ice.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Ice
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.iron_bars.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Iron Bars
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.iron_block.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Block of Iron
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.iron_door.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Iron Door
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.iron_ore.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Iron Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.iron_trapdoor.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Iron Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.jukebox.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Jukebox
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.jungle_door.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Door
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.jungle_fence.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Fence
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.jungle_fence_gate.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.jungle_stairs.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Jungle Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.ladder.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Ladder
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lapis_block.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Lazuli Block
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lapis_ore.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Lapis Lazuli Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lava.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Lava
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.leaves.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Leaves
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.leaves2.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Leaves
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lever.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Lever
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.light_weighted_pressure_plate.*        # (default: true) PLACE Weighted Pressure Plate (Light)
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lit_furnace.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Furnace
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lit_pumpkin.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Jack o'Lantern
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lit_redstone_lamp.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.lit_redstone_ore.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.log.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Wood
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.log2.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Wood
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.magma.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Magma Block
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.melon_block.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Melon
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.melon_stem.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin Stem
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.mob_spawner.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Monster Spawner
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.monster_egg.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Stone Monster Egg
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.mossy_cobblestone.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Moss Stone
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.mycelium.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Mycelium
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.nether_brick.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.nether_brick_fence.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick Fence
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.nether_brick_stairs.*                  # (default: true) PLACE Nether Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.nether_wart.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Nether Wart
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.nether_wart_block.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Nether Wart Block
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.netherrack.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Netherrack
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.noteblock.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Note Block
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.oak_stairs.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Oak Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.obsidian.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Obsidian
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.packed_ice.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Packed Ice
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.piston.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Piston
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.piston_extension.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.null.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.piston_head.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Piston
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.planks.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Planks
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.portal.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Portal
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.potatoes.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Potatoes
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.powered_comparator.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Comparator
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.powered_repeater.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.prismarine.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Prismarine
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.pumpkin.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.pumpkin_stem.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Pumpkin Stem
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.purpur_block.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Purpur Block
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.purpur_double_slab.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Purpur Slab
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.purpur_pillar.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Purpur Pillar
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.purpur_slab.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Purpur Slab
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.purpur_stairs.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Purpur Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.quartz_block.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Block of Quartz
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.quartz_ore.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Nether Quartz Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.quartz_stairs.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Quartz Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.rail.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Rail
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.red_flower.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Flower
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.red_mushroom.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.red_mushroom_block.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Mushroom
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.red_nether_brick.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Red Nether Brick
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.red_sandstone.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Red Sandstone
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.red_sandstone_stairs.*                 # (default: true) PLACE Red Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.redstone_block.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Block of Redstone
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.redstone_lamp.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Lamp
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.redstone_ore.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Ore
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.redstone_torch.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Torch
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.redstone_wire.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Dust
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.reeds.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Sugar cane
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.repeating_command_block.*              # (default: true) PLACE Repeating Command Block
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.sand.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Sand
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.sandstone.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.sandstone_stairs.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Sandstone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.sapling.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Oak Sapling
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.sea_lantern.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Sea Lantern
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.skull.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.skull.skeleton.name
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.slime.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Slime Block
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.snow.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Snow
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.snow_layer.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Snow
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.soul_sand.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Soul Sand
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.sponge.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Sponge
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.spruce_door.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Door
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.spruce_fence.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Fence
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.spruce_fence_gate.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Fence Gate
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.spruce_stairs.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Spruce Wood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stained_glass.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stained_glass_pane.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Stained Glass Pane
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stained_hardened_clay.*                # (default: true) PLACE Stained Hardened Clay
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.standing_banner.*                      # (default: true) PLACE White Banner
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.standing_sign.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Sign
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.sticky_piston.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Sticky Piston
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stone.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Stone
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stone_brick_stairs.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Stone Brick Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stone_button.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Button
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stone_pressure_plate.*                 # (default: true) PLACE Stone Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stone_slab.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Stone Slab
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stone_slab2.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Red Sandstone Slab
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stone_stairs.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.stonebrick.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Stone Bricks
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.structure_block.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Structure Block
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.structure_void.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Structure Void
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.tallgrass.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Grass
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.tnt.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE TNT
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.torch.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Torch
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.trapdoor.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.trapped_chest.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Trapped Chest
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.tripwire.*                             # (default: true) PLACE Tripwire
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.tripwire_hook.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Tripwire Hook
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.unlit_redstone_torch.*                 # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Torch
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.unpowered_comparator.*                 # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Comparator
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.unpowered_repeater.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Redstone Repeater
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.vine.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Vines
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.wall_banner.*                          # (default: true) PLACE White Banner
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.wall_sign.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Sign
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.water.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Water
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.waterlily.*                            # (default: true) PLACE Lily Pad
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.web.*                                  # (default: true) PLACE Cobweb
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.wheat.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Crops
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.wooden_button.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Button
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.wooden_door.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Oak Door
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.wooden_pressure_plate.*                # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Pressure Plate
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.wooden_slab.*                          # (default: true) PLACE Wood Slab
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.wool.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE Wool
fe.protection.trample.minecraft.yellow_flower.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Flower
fe.protection.trample.storagedrawers.basicDrawers.*                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.basicDrawers.name
fe.protection.trample.storagedrawers.compDrawers.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Compacting Drawer
fe.protection.trample.storagedrawers.controller.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Drawer Controller
fe.protection.trample.storagedrawers.controllerSlave.*                 # (default: true) PLACE Controller Slave
fe.protection.trample.storagedrawers.customDrawers.*                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.customDrawers.name
fe.protection.trample.storagedrawers.customTrim.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Framed Trim
fe.protection.trample.storagedrawers.framingTable.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Framing Table
fe.protection.trample.storagedrawers.keybutton.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.keybutton.name
fe.protection.trample.storagedrawers.trim.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.trim.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.blood.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Blood
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.blueslime.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Blue Slime
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.brownstone.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.brownstone.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.brownstone_slab.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.brownstone_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.brownstone_slab2.*                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.brownstone_slab2.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick.*             # (default: true) PLACE Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick_cracked.*     # (default: true) PLACE Cracked Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick_fancy.*       # (default: true) PLACE Fancy Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick_small.*       # (default: true) PLACE Small Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick_square.*      # (default: true) PLACE Square Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_brick_triangle.*    # (default: true) PLACE Triangle Brownstone Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_creeper.*           # (default: true) PLACE Brownstone Creeperface Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_paver.*             # (default: true) PLACE Brownstone Paver Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_road.*              # (default: true) PLACE Brownstone Road Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_rough.*             # (default: true) PLACE Rough Brownstone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_smooth.*            # (default: true) PLACE Smooth Brownstone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.brownstone_stairs_tile.*              # (default: true) PLACE Brownstone Tile Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.casting.*                             # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.casting.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.clear_glass.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Clear Glass
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.clear_stained_glass.*                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.clear_stained_glass.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.deco_ground.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.deco_ground.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.deco_ground_slab.*                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.deco_ground_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.dried_brick_stairs.*                  # (default: true) PLACE Dried Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.dried_clay.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.dried_clay.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.dried_clay_slab.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.dried_clay_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.dried_clay_stairs.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Dried Clay Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.faucet.*                              # (default: true) PLACE Faucet
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.firewood.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.firewood.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.firewood_slab.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.firewood_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.firewood_stairs.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Firewood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.glow.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Glow
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.lavawood_stairs.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Lavawood Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.metal.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.metal.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.milk.*                                # (default: true) PLACE Milk
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.molten_ardite.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Molten Ardite
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.molten_bronze.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Molten Bronze
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.molten_clay.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Molten Clay
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.molten_cobalt.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Molten Cobalt
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.molten_copper.*                       # (default: true) PLACE Molten Copper
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.molten_dirt.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Dirt
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.molten_emerald.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Molten Emerald
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.molten_glass.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Molten Glass
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.molten_gold.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Molten Gold
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.molten_iron.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Molten Iron
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.molten_knightslime.*                  # (default: true) PLACE Molten Knightslime
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.molten_manyullyn.*                    # (default: true) PLACE Molten Manyullyn
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.molten_obsidian.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Molten Obsidian
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.molten_pigiron.*                      # (default: true) PLACE Molten Pigiron
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.molten_steel.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Molten Steel
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.molten_stone.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Seared Stone
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.mudbrick_stairs.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Mud Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.ore.*                                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.ore.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.punji.*                               # (default: true) PLACE Punji Sticks
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.purpleslime.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Liquid Purple Slime
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.rack.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.rack.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.seared.*                              # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.seared.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.seared_furnace_controller.*           # (default: true) PLACE Seared Furnace Controller
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.seared_glass.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.seared_glass.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.seared_slab.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.seared_slab.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.seared_slab2.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.seared_slab2.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick.*                 # (default: true) PLACE Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick_cracked.*         # (default: true) PLACE Cracked Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick_fancy.*           # (default: true) PLACE Fancy Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick_small.*           # (default: true) PLACE Small Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick_square.*          # (default: true) PLACE Square Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.seared_stairs_brick_triangle.*        # (default: true) PLACE Triangle Seared Bricks Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.seared_stairs_cobble.*                # (default: true) PLACE Seared Cobblestone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.seared_stairs_creeper.*               # (default: true) PLACE Seared Creeperface Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.seared_stairs_paver.*                 # (default: true) PLACE Seared Paver Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.seared_stairs_road.*                  # (default: true) PLACE Seared Road Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.seared_stairs_stone.*                 # (default: true) PLACE Seared Stone Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.seared_stairs_tile.*                  # (default: true) PLACE Seared Tile Stairs
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.seared_tank.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.seared_tank.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.slime.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.slime.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.slime_channel.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.slime_channel.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.slime_congealed.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.slime_congealed.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.slime_dirt.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.slime_dirt.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.slime_grass.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.slime_grass.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.slime_grass_tall.*                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.slime_grass_tall.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.slime_leaves.*                        # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.slime_leaves.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.slime_sapling.*                       # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.slime_sapling.oak.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.slime_vine_blue.*                     # (default: true) PLACE Blue Slimy Vine
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.slime_vine_blue_end.*                 # (default: true) PLACE Blue Slimy Vine
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.slime_vine_blue_mid.*                 # (default: true) PLACE Blue Slimy Vine
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.slime_vine_purple.*                   # (default: true) PLACE Purple Slimy Vine
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.slime_vine_purple_end.*               # (default: true) PLACE Purple Slimy Vine
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.slime_vine_purple_mid.*               # (default: true) PLACE Purple Slimy Vine
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.smeltery_controller.*                 # (default: true) PLACE Smeltery Controller
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.smeltery_io.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.smeltery_io.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.soil.*                                # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.soil.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.stone_ladder.*                        # (default: true) PLACE Stone Ladder
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.stone_torch.*                         # (default: true) PLACE Stone Torch
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.tinker_tank_controller.*              # (default: true) PLACE Tinker Tank Controller
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.toolforge.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Tool Forge
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.tooltables.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.tconstruct.tooltables.name
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.wood_rail.*                           # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Rail
fe.protection.trample.tconstruct.wood_rail_trapdoor.*                  # (default: true) PLACE Wooden Rail with a Trapdoor
fe.protection.trample.xreliquary.altar.*                               # (default: true) PLACE tile.altar.name
fe.protection.trample.xreliquary.altar_idle.*                          # (default: true) PLACE tile.altar_idle.name
fe.protection.trample.xreliquary.apothecary_cauldron.*                 # (default: true) PLACE tile.apothecary_cauldron.name
fe.protection.trample.xreliquary.apothecary_mortar.*                   # (default: true) PLACE tile.apothecary_mortar.name
fe.protection.trample.xreliquary.fertile_lilypad.*                     # (default: true) PLACE tile.fertile_lilypad.name
fe.protection.trample.xreliquary.interdiction_torch.*                  # (default: true) PLACE tile.interdiction_torch.name
fe.protection.trample.xreliquary.pedestal.*                            # (default: true) PLACE tile.pedestal.name
fe.protection.trample.xreliquary.pedestal_passive.*                    # (default: true) PLACE tile.pedestal_passive.name
fe.protection.trample.xreliquary.wraith_node.*                         # (default: true) PLACE tile.wraith_node.name
